<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. So the task is to determine the minimum number of colors needed such that for every integer time t that's covered by at least one warrior's interval, there's at least one color that's present exactly once in that time. And then assign colors to each interval.

Hmm. Let me think about the constraints. The key is that for every integer t that's in any of the intervals, there's a color that is used exactly once at that t. So, if two intervals overlap at t, then their colors must be such that at least one of them has a color that's unique at t. But how to model this?

First, I need to find a way to assign colors to intervals so that for every t that's covered by any interval, there's a color that's unique to that t. The challenge is to minimize the number of colors.

Let me think about the example. For the first test case, the intervals are [1,4], [2,8], [3,7], [5,10], [6,9]. The output is 2 colors. The colors are 1,2,2,1,2. Let's see why. For t=1, only the first interval has it. So color 1 is used once. For t=2, the first and second intervals. But the second interval's color is 2. So at t=2, the first interval has color 1, second has 2. So the color 1 is used once (only in the first interval), and color 2 is used once (in the second interval). So that's okay. Similarly for other points.

So the problem is to find a way to assign colors so that for each t, there's at least one color that's present exactly once in that t.

But how to model this. One approach is to think about the points where the intervals overlap. For example, if two intervals overlap at a point, then their colors must be such that at least one of them has a color that is unique at that point.

But how to find the minimal number of colors.

An idea comes to mind: for each time t, if there are multiple intervals covering t, then we need to assign colors in such a way that at least one of the intervals has a unique color. But how to do this optimally.

Wait, but the problem is that the same t can be covered by multiple intervals. So for each t, the color assigned to each interval must be such that for that t, there's at least one color that is used exactly once.

But how to model this. Maybe we can model this as a graph problem, but that might be too complex.

Alternative approach: think about the problem in terms of intervals and their overlaps. For each point t, we need to have at least one color that is used exactly once in that t. So, for any t, if there are multiple intervals covering t, then the colors of those intervals must be such that at least one of them is unique at t.

But how to assign colors to intervals such that this condition is met.

Another thought: the minimal number of colors required is equal to the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point. Because, for example, if there are three intervals overlapping at a point, then each of those intervals must have a color that is unique at that point. But since there are three intervals, we need at least three colors. Wait, no. Wait, if three intervals all cover a point t, then each of them must have a color that is unique at t. But since there are three intervals, the colors for them can be such that one of them has a color that's unique, and the others have colors that are not unique. Wait, no. Because for t, all three intervals are covering it. So for each of these intervals, their color must be such that at least one of them has a color that is unique at t. But if two of them have the same color, then that color is used in two intervals. So for that t, there's no color that is used exactly once. So the problem is that for overlapping intervals, we need to have that for each t, the colors of the intervals that cover t are such that at least one color is unique.

So for example, if three intervals overlap at a point t, then each of those intervals must have a color that is unique. But that's not possible unless there are at least three different colors. Wait, no. Suppose three intervals all cover t. Then, if each of them has a different color, then for t, each color is used once. So that's okay. But if two of them have the same color, then that color is used twice. But then, for that t, there is no color that is used exactly once. So that's invalid. So in that case, the colors must be assigned in such a way that for any overlapping intervals, there's at least one color that is unique.

So, the problem reduces to ensuring that for every point t, the number of intervals covering t is such that the colors assigned to them are such that at least one color is unique.

But how to model this. It seems like a problem that can be approached by considering the intervals and their overlaps. But how?

Another idea: the minimal number of colors required is equal to the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point. Because, for example, if there's a point where three intervals overlap, then we need three colors. But if there's a point where two intervals overlap, then we need two colors. But how?

Wait, let's think of the example. Suppose two intervals overlap at a point. Then, for that point, the two intervals must have different colors. Because if they have the same color, then that color is used twice. But then, for that point, there's no color that is used exactly once. So, in that case, the two intervals must have different colors. Therefore, the minimal number of colors needed is the maximum number of intervals overlapping at any point.

But wait, that's not necessarily true. Let's think of a case where there are two overlapping intervals, but one of them is covered by another interval. For example, if there are three intervals: [1,3], [2,4], [3,5]. At t=3, the first interval ends, the second starts, and the third starts. So the point t=3 is covered by the first, second, and third intervals. So for t=3, the three intervals. So the minimal number of colors would be 3. But in this case, if the first interval is color 1, the second color 2, and the third color 3, then for each t, the colors are unique. So that's okay.

But if there are two intervals overlapping at a point, say [1,2], [2,3], then for t=2, the two intervals overlap. So the colors must be different. So the minimal number of colors is 2. But if there are two intervals overlapping at t=2, then you need two colors.

So the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point is the minimal number of colors required. Because, for any point where there are k overlapping intervals, you need at least k colors. Because if you have k overlapping intervals, then each of them must have a unique color. Wait, no. Because if you have k overlapping intervals, then each of them must have a color that is unique at that point. But if you have k intervals overlapping at a point, then you need at least k colors. Because if you have two intervals overlapping, then you need two colors. But if you have three overlapping intervals, you need three colors. So the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point.

But how to find that maximum. So the problem reduces to finding the maximum number of intervals that overlap at any point. Then, the minimal number of colors is that maximum.

But wait, how to compute that. Because for a given set of intervals, the maximum number of overlapping intervals can be found by using a sweep line algorithm.

So, the approach would be:

For each test case:

1. Find the maximum number of intervals that overlap at any point. Let's call this value 'k'.

2. Then, the minimal number of colors required is 'k'.

But how to assign the colors. Once we know that, we need to assign colors to the intervals such that for each overlapping interval, their colors are unique. But how to do that?

Wait, but the problem requires that for every t, there's a color that is used exactly once. So, for the maximum number of overlapping intervals, we need to assign each of them a unique color. But for other points, the colors can be arranged in a way that for any point, there's at least one color that is unique.

But how to assign the colors. For example, if the maximum number of overlapping intervals is k, then we need to assign each of them a unique color. But how to do that.

But perhaps the problem is that the maximum number of overlapping intervals is k, and then we can assign colors in such a way that for each interval, the color is unique in the overlapping points.

But how to do that. For example, if there are k overlapping intervals at a point, then each of them must have a unique color. But how to arrange this.

Wait, but the problem allows for multiple intervals to have the same color, as long as for each t, there's at least one color that is unique.

So, the idea is that for each overlapping interval, we can assign a color that is unique to that interval. But how to do that.

But perhaps the way to assign colors is to assign each interval a color that is unique to it. But that's not possible if there are overlapping intervals. For example, if two intervals overlap, then they can't have the same color. So, the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals, and for each interval, assign a color that is unique in the overlapping points.

But how to assign the colors. Let's think of the following approach:

- For each interval, assign a color based on the order in which they are processed. For example, assign the color as the number of overlapping intervals at that point. But that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps we can assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is the number of intervals that are overlapping with it at that point. But this seems complicated.

Wait, but perhaps the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals. Then, for each interval, we can assign a color that is unique to that interval. But how to do that.

Another approach: think of the problem as a graph where each interval is a node, and edges represent overlapping. But that's not helpful.

Alternatively, think of the problem as follows: the color assignment must be such that for every point t, there is at least one color that is present exactly once in the intervals covering t. So, for each point t, if there are m intervals covering it, then at least one of those m intervals must have a color that is unique to that interval.

So, for each interval, we need to assign a color that is unique to it. But how to do that.

Wait, but if two intervals overlap at a point, then they can't have the same color. So, the colors for overlapping intervals must be different. So, the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point. Because, for example, if there's a point where three intervals overlap, then each of them must have a different color. So, the minimal number of colors is 3.

But how to assign the colors. For example, for the first test case, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 2. Let me check:

In the first test case:

The intervals are:

1-4, 2-8, 3-7, 5-10, 6-9.

So, for t=3, the intervals 1-4, 2-8, 3-7 are overlapping. So three intervals overlapping. So the maximum is 3?

But the output says the minimal number of colors is 2. Wait, that's a problem. Because according to this, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 3, but the output says 2. So my previous reasoning is wrong.

Wait, that's a contradiction. Let me check the first test case again.

In the first test case, the output is 2 colors. So according to the problem, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 2. But how?

Let me think. Let's look at the intervals:

1-4, 2-8, 3-7, 5-10, 6-9.

Let's see the points where the maximum number of intervals overlap.

At t=3, the intervals 1-4 (covers 3), 2-8 (covers 3), 3-7 (covers 3). So three intervals overlapping. So the maximum is 3. But the output says the minimal number of colors is 2. So that contradicts my previous idea. So my reasoning is wrong.

Hmm, so what's wrong here?

Ah, the problem is that the maximum number of overlapping intervals is not the minimal number of colors. So my previous reasoning was incorrect.

So I need to think again.

Let me think about the first test case. How can the answer be 2 colors?

The sample output is 2 colors. Let's look at the intervals:

The intervals are:

[1,4], [2,8], [3,7], [5,10], [6,9].

The colors assigned are 1,2,2,1,2.

So for t=3, the intervals 1-4, 2-8, 3-7 are overlapping. The colors for these intervals are 1 (first), 2 (second), 2 (third). So for t=3, the first interval has color 1, which is unique. The second and third have color 2. So for t=3, the color 1 is used once, and color 2 is used twice. So the condition is satisfied because there is at least one color (color 1) that is used exactly once.

So even though there are three intervals overlapping at t=3, the colors are assigned in such a way that one of them is unique. So the minimal number of colors is not necessarily the maximum number of overlapping intervals. So my previous idea was wrong.

So how to approach this problem.

Alternative idea: The problem requires that for every integer t, there exists a color that is used exactly once in the intervals covering t. So for each t, the set of intervals covering t must have at least one color that is used exactly once. So, the colors assigned to the intervals must be such that for each t, the count of colors in the intervals covering t is at least 1.

But how to model this.

Another approach: think of the problem as a graph where each interval is a node, and edges represent overlapping. But again, not sure.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. For each interval, we need to assign a color such that for each t, the color is unique in the set of intervals covering t.

But how to do this optimally.

Another idea: For each point t, the color assigned to the intervals covering t must have at least one color that is unique. So for each t, the color of the intervals covering t must not have all colors appearing more than once. So, for example, if two intervals cover t, then they must have different colors. But if three intervals cover t, then at least one of them must have a color that is unique. So, in that case, two of them can have the same color, but one must have a unique color.

But how to assign colors to intervals to satisfy this.

This seems complex. Maybe we can model this as a problem where for each interval, we assign a color, and for each t, the color counts must have at least one color with count 1.

But how to find the minimal number of colors.

Let me think of the problem in terms of the intervals and their overlaps.

Let me think of the intervals as events. For example, for each interval [l, r], we can consider the start and end points. Then, for each point t, the number of intervals covering t is the number of intervals that include t.

But how to find the minimal number of colors.

Alternative approach inspired by the sample:

In the first test case, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 3 (at t=3), but the minimal number of colors is 2. So, how is that possible?

Because, for the overlapping intervals, there is a way to assign colors so that for each t, there's at least one color that is unique.

So, for t=3, the three intervals are 1-4, 2-8, 3-7. Assign colors 1, 2, 2. Then, for t=3, color 1 is unique (only in the first interval), so that's okay. For the other intervals, the colors are 2, 2. So for t=2, the intervals 1-4 (color 1), 2-8 (color 2). So at t=2, color 1 is unique (only in the first interval), so that's okay. For t=5, the intervals 5-10 (color 1) and 6-9 (color 2). So at t=5, color 1 is unique (only in the fifth interval). So that's okay.

So, the key is that for any overlapping intervals, there is at least one color that is unique in the overlapping intervals. So, for overlapping intervals, the colors can be assigned in such a way that one of them is unique.

But how to find this assignment.

Another idea: For each interval, assign a color that is unique to it. But if two intervals overlap, then their colors must be different. However, if three intervals overlap, then two of them can have the same color, but one has a unique color.

But how to assign the colors.

This seems like a problem that can be modeled as a graph where each interval is a node, and edges represent overlapping. Then, the problem becomes to assign colors such that for each overlapping node, there's at least one color that is unique.

But this is too vague.

Alternative approach: think of the problem as a line of events. For each interval, we can think of it as a range [l_i, r_i]. The problem requires that for every point t in any of the intervals, there's at least one color that is used exactly once in that t.

So, for each point t, the set of intervals covering t must have at least one color that is used exactly once. So, for the entire set of intervals, the colors must be assigned in such a way that for any t, the count of colors in the intervals covering t is at least one.

But how to model this.

Another thought: The minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point, but this is not always the case. So perhaps the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point, but in some cases, it's possible to have overlapping intervals with more than one color, but the colors are assigned in a way that for each overlapping point, there's at least one unique color.

But how to find that.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a greedy approach. Assign colors to intervals in such a way that for each interval, we assign the earliest possible color that doesn't conflict with other intervals.

But I'm not sure.

Another idea: For each interval, assign a color that is unique to it. But if two intervals overlap, their colors must be different. However, if there are three intervals overlapping, then one of them can have a color that is unique, and the other two can have the same color. But then, for the overlapping points, the unique color is present once, and the others are present twice.

But how to ensure that for all overlapping points, there's at least one unique color.

So, the problem reduces to finding a way to assign colors to intervals such that for any overlapping intervals, there's at least one color that is unique in that overlapping set.

But how to find the minimal number of colors.

This seems like a problem that can be solved by considering the intervals and their overlaps, and then for each point where multiple intervals overlap, assign a unique color to one of them.

But how to model this.

Let me think of the intervals as events. For example, when a new interval starts, it's a new event, and when it ends, it's an end event.

Then, for each point t, the number of intervals covering t is the number of active intervals at that point.

But how to track this.

Another approach inspired by the sample:

The minimal number of colors is equal to the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point. But in the first test case, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 3 (at t=3), but the answer is 2. So this contradicts that.

Wait, but maybe I made a mistake in calculating the maximum number of overlapping intervals.

Let me recheck the first test case.

The intervals are:

1-4: covers 1,2,3,4.

2-8: covers 2,3,4,5,6,7,8.

3-7: covers 3,4,5,6,7.

5-10: covers 5,6,7,8,9,10.

6-9: covers 6,7,8,9.

So for t=3: the first, second, third intervals are active. So three intervals.

t=4: first, second, third, fifth intervals? No, fifth is 5-10. So t=4 is covered by first (1-4), second (2-8), third (3-7), and fifth (5-10) no. Wait, fifth starts at 5, so t=4 is not covered by fifth. So for t=4, the intervals are first (1-4), second (2-8), third (3-7). So three intervals again.

t=5: covered by second (2-8), third (3-7), fifth (5-10), sixth (6-9). So four intervals.

t=6: covered by second (2-8), third (3-7), fifth (5-10), sixth (6-9). So four intervals.

t=7: covered by second (2-8), third (3-7), fifth (5-10), sixth (6-9). So four intervals.

So the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 4 at t=5,6,7.

Wait, but then the maximum would be 4, but the sample output is 2. So again, this contradicts.

But according to the sample output, the answer is 2. So there's something wrong with my reasoning.

Wait, perhaps I made a mistake in the sample analysis. Let me recheck.

Wait, the sample input for the first test case is:

5

1 4

2 8

3 7

5 10

6 9

So the intervals are:

1-4, 2-8, 3-7, 5-10, 6-9.

So for t=5, the intervals covering it are:

2-8 (covers 5), 3-7 (covers 5), 5-10 (covers 5), 6-9 (covers 5). So four intervals.

At t=5, there are four intervals overlapping. So the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 4. But the sample output is 2 colors. So how is that possible?

But according to the sample explanation, the colors are assigned such that for each t, there's a color that is used exactly once.

So for t=5, the intervals are 2-8 (color 2), 3-7 (color 2), 5-10 (color 1), 6-9 (color 2). So the colors are 2, 2, 1, 2. So for t=5, the color 1 is used once (only in the fourth interval), so that's okay.

So even though there are four overlapping intervals, the colors are assigned in such a way that one of them is unique. So the minimal number of colors is 2.

So, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 4, but the minimal number of colors is 2. So my previous idea is wrong.

So what's the correct way to model this?

The key is that for any overlapping intervals, there exists at least one color that is used exactly once in that overlapping set. So for the overlapping intervals, the colors can be assigned in a way that for each overlapping set, there's at least one color that is unique.

But how to find the minimal number of colors.

This seems like a problem that can be modeled as a graph where each interval is a node, and edges represent overlapping. Then, the problem is to assign colors to the nodes such that for each node, the color is unique in the overlapping set.

But how to find the minimal number of colors.

Another idea: For each interval, assign a color that is unique to it. But if two intervals overlap, they can't have the same color. However, if three intervals overlap, then one of them can have a color that is unique, and the others can have the same color. But how to ensure that for all overlapping points, there's at least one unique color.

But how to assign colors in such a way.

Perhaps the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point, but that's not the case here. So what's the correct approach?

Let me think of the problem as a graph where each interval is a node, and edges represent that two intervals overlap. Then, the problem is to color the nodes such that for any node in a group of overlapping intervals, there's at least one color that is unique to that group.

But this is not a standard graph coloring problem.

Another approach: For each interval, assign a color that is the number of intervals that start before it and end after it. But this is not helpful.

Alternative idea: The problem can be modeled as a greedy assignment of colors. For example, for each interval, assign the earliest possible color that is not used by any of the overlapping intervals.

But how to do this.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a line of events. We can process the intervals in order and assign colors in a way that for each interval, we assign the smallest possible color that is not used by any of the overlapping intervals.

But this seems too vague.

Let me think of the first test case again. The intervals are:

1-4, 2-8, 3-7, 5-10, 6-9.

The maximum number of overlapping intervals is 4 (at t=5,6,7). But the minimal number of colors is 2.

So, the colors are assigned as follows:

- The first interval (1-4) is color 1.

- The second (2-8) is color 2.

- The third (3-7) is color 2.

- The fourth (5-10) is color 1.

- The fifth (6-9) is color 2.

So, for the overlapping intervals at t=5, the colors are 2 (second), 2 (third), 1 (fourth), 2 (fifth). So the color 1 is unique in this set.

So, the color 1 is used once in this set, and the others are used more than once. So it's okay.

So the key is that for any overlapping set of intervals, there is at least one color that is used once.

So, the problem is to assign colors such that for every overlapping set of intervals, there is at least one color that is used exactly once.

But how to find the minimal number of colors.

Another idea: For each interval, assign a color that is unique to it. But if two intervals overlap, their colors must be different. However, if three intervals overlap, then two of them can have the same color, and one has a unique color. But this would require that for each overlapping set, there is at least one color that is unique.

But how to assign this.

This seems like a problem that can be solved by using a greedy approach. For example, we can process the intervals in order and assign colors in a way that for each interval, we assign the smallest possible color that is not used by any of the overlapping intervals. But how to do this.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a graph where each interval is a node, and edges represent that two intervals overlap. Then, the problem is to assign colors to the nodes such that for each node, the color is not used by any of the overlapping nodes. But this is not possible because overlapping intervals can have the same color as long as at least one of them is unique.

But this is not helpful.

Another idea: For each interval, the color can be assigned based on the number of times it is covered. But again, not sure.

Let me think of the problem in terms of the events. For example, for each interval, we can think of it as a start and end event. Then, we can process the events in order and assign colors.

But how.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a line of points and for each point, track how many intervals are active. For each point, if the number of active intervals is m, then we need to assign at least one color that is used once. So, for m=1, no problem. For m=2, the two intervals must have different colors. For m=3, two intervals can have the same color, but one has a unique color. So, the minimal number of colors is 2.

Wait, but how to ensure that for m=3, there is at least one color that is unique. For example, if two intervals have color 1 and the third has color 2, then for the overlapping point, color 1 is used twice (the two intervals), and color 2 is used once. So that's okay.

But how to assign the colors.

So, the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point. But this is not the case in the first test case. Wait, but in the first test case, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 4, but the answer is 2. So this contradicts.

So, I must be missing something.

Wait, perhaps the maximum number of overlapping intervals is not the correct metric. Let me think again.

In the first test case, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 4 (at t=5, 6, 7). But the answer is 2 colors. So how is that possible?

Because for each of those overlapping intervals, there's at least one color that is unique.

So, the colors are assigned in such a way that for the overlapping intervals, there's at least one color that is used once.

So, for the overlapping intervals, the colors can be assigned in a way that for each group of overlapping intervals, at least one color is unique.

So, the problem is to find a way to assign colors to the intervals such that for every overlapping group of intervals, there is at least one color that is used once.

But how to find the minimal number of colors.

This seems like a problem that requires a greedy approach, but I'm not sure.

Another idea: The minimal number of colors required is equal to the maximum number of intervals that overlap at any point, but with the following condition: if there are m overlapping intervals, then we can assign m-1 colors to the intervals, and one color to one of them. But this is not clear.

Alternatively, think of the problem as follows: For each point t, if there are m intervals covering t, then we need at least one color that is used exactly once. So, for m=1, no problem. For m=2, two colors are needed. For m=3, two colors are needed. For m=4, two colors are needed. So, the minimal number of colors is 2 for m=4. So, how?

Yes, because for m=4, we can assign two colors: one color to one of the intervals, and the other color to three of them. For example, if three intervals have color 1, and one has color 2. Then, for the overlapping point, the color 1 is used three times, and color 2 once. So, there is a color that is used once (color 2), which is okay. So, the minimal number of colors is 2.

So, the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point. But in this case, the maximum is 4, and the answer is 2. So this is not correct.

Wait, this is confusing. How can the minimal number of colors be 2 when there are 4 overlapping intervals?

Because for those 4 overlapping intervals, you can assign colors in such a way that one of them has a unique color, and the others have the same. So, the minimal number of colors is 2.

So, the minimal number of colors is not the maximum number of overlapping intervals, but something else.

So, what's the correct way to compute the minimal number of colors?

Perhaps the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point, but this is not the case. So, I need to think differently.

Let me think of the problem as a graph where each node represents an interval, and edges represent that two intervals overlap. Then, the problem is to find a coloring of the nodes such that for every node, the color is unique in the overlapping set.

But this is not a standard graph coloring problem.

Another idea: The problem is similar to the interval graph coloring, but with a different constraint. In interval graph coloring, the minimum number of colors needed is the maximum clique size. But in this problem, the constraint is different.

But in this case, the constraint is that for every point t, there is at least one color that is used exactly once. So, the colors are assigned in such a way that for every overlapping set of intervals, at least one color is unique.

But how to model this.

Let me think of the problem as a graph where each interval is a node, and edges represent overlapping. Then, the problem is to assign colors to the nodes such that for every node, the color is not used by any other node in the overlapping set, except for one. But this is not helpful.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a graph where the colors are assigned such that for each overlapping set of intervals, at least one color is unique. So, the colors can be assigned in a way that for each overlapping set, there is at least one color that is unique.

But how to do this.

Perhaps the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of intervals that overlap at any point, but with some exceptions. For example, if there are m overlapping intervals, then the minimal number of colors is 1 if m=1, 2 if m=2 or m=3, etc.

But this is not helpful.

Another approach: Let's think about the problem in terms of the intervals and how they can be colored. For each interval, the color can be assigned such that it's unique to that interval. But if two intervals overlap, their colors must be different. But if three intervals overlap, then two of them can have the same color, and one has a unique color.

So, the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of intervals that overlap at any point, but with the condition that for any overlapping set of size m, at least one of the intervals has a unique color.

But how to assign the colors.

Perhaps the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point, but if that number is 2, then 2 colors are needed. If it's 3, then 2 colors are needed. If it's 4, then 2 colors are needed. So, the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point, but this is not the case.

Wait, but in the first test case, the maximum is 4, and the answer is 2. So this suggests that the minimal number of colors is not the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point.

So, what is the correct way to calculate the minimal number of colors?

Let me think of the problem as follows: for each interval, the color can be assigned in a way that for any overlapping intervals, there's at least one color that is unique. This is possible with a certain number of colors, and the minimal number is the smallest possible.

But how to find this number.

Another idea: The minimal number of colors is equal to the maximum number of intervals that overlap at any point, but this is not the case. So, perhaps the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of intervals that overlap at any point, minus the number of overlapping intervals that are not part of the maximum.

But this is not helpful.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a graph where each interval is a node, and edges represent overlapping. Then, the problem is to find the minimum number of colors such that for every node in a clique (a group of overlapping intervals), there is at least one color that is used once.

But this is still not helpful.

Let me think of the problem in terms of the following: For any interval, the color can be assigned in a way that it's unique to that interval. If two intervals overlap, their colors must be different. If three intervals overlap, then two of them can have the same color, and one has a unique color. So, the minimal number of colors is 2 for any m >= 2.

Wait, no. For m=2, you need 2 colors. For m=3, you can have 2 colors: one color for two intervals, and another for one. For m=4, you can have 2 colors: one color for three intervals, and another for one. So, for any m >= 2, you can use 2 colors. So, the minimal number of colors is 2.

But this is not possible. For example, if there are four intervals that overlap, and all of them have the same color, then for each of those intervals, the color is used four times. So, for each t in the overlapping set, there is no color that is used exactly once. So, this is invalid.

Ah, so the key is that for any overlapping set of intervals, there must be at least one color that is used exactly once. So, if you have m overlapping intervals, you need to assign colors such that at least one of them has a unique color.

So, for m=4, you can assign two colors: one color to one interval, and the other to three intervals. Then, for the overlapping set, the color of the single interval is used once, and the others are used three times. So, there is at least one color that is used once.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 for any m >= 2. But this is not possible if there are m=2, but in that case, you need two colors.

So, the minimal number of colors is 1 if no overlapping intervals, otherwise 2.

Wait, but that's not possible. Because if there are two overlapping intervals, then they must have different colors. So, the minimal number of colors is 2.

But if there are three overlapping intervals, you can assign two colors: one color to one of them, and the other to two of them. Then, for the overlapping set, the color used once is the one for the single interval, and the others are used twice. So, it's okay.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 for any m >= 2.

But this would mean that the minimal number of colors is 2 for any test case with n >= 2. But this is not possible. For example, if there are three intervals that overlap at a single point, and all three are assigned color 1, then for that point, the color 1 is used three times, which is invalid.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 for any m >= 2, but how to assign the colors.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 if there are any overlapping intervals, otherwise 1.

But this is not possible, because if there are overlapping intervals, you need to assign colors such that for any overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 if there are any overlapping intervals, and 1 otherwise.

But this would mean that the first test case has 2 colors, which matches the sample.

But what about a test case with 3 intervals that all overlap at a single point. For example, [1,3], [2,4], [3,5]. Then, the minimal number of colors is 2. Assign color 1 to the first interval, color 2 to the second, and color 2 to the third. Then, for the overlapping point 3, the color 1 is used once (only in the first interval), and color 2 is used twice (in second and third). So, it's okay.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 for any test case with at least one overlapping interval.

But how to handle cases where there are multiple overlapping intervals, but the colors are assigned in a way that for each overlapping set, there's at least one unique color.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 if there is at least one overlapping interval, otherwise 1.

But this seems too simplistic. Let me think of a test case with two intervals that overlap at a single point. So, the minimal number of colors is 2. Which is correct.

Another test case: three intervals that all overlap at a single point. Assign colors 1, 2, 2. Then, for the overlapping point, color 1 is used once, and others are used twice. So it's okay.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 if there is any overlapping interval, and 1 otherwise.

But what about if there are multiple overlapping intervals, but they are not all overlapping at the same point. For example, two intervals that overlap at t=1 and t=2, and another interval that overlaps at t=3. Then, the minimal number of colors is 2. But how to assign.

But this is not a problem. The colors can be assigned in a way that for each overlapping point, there's at least one color that is unique.

So, the minimal number of colors is 1 if no overlapping intervals, else 2.

But wait, what if there are two intervals that overlap, but they are not overlapping at the same point. For example, [1,2] and [3,4]. These don't overlap. So, no overlapping, so the minimal number of colors is 1.

But if there are two intervals that overlap, like [1,2] and [1,2], then the minimal number of colors is 2. Because for the overlapping point 1 and 2, the colors must be different.

So, this suggests that the minimal number of colors is 1 if there are no overlapping intervals, else 2.

But this seems to be the case. So, the problem reduces to:

For each test case:

- If there are no overlapping intervals (i.e., all intervals are non-overlapping), then the minimal number of colors is 1.

- Otherwise, the minimal number of colors is 2.

But this is not correct. Because if there are overlapping intervals, but the colors are assigned in a way that for every overlapping point, there's at least one unique color.

But how to determine if there are overlapping intervals.

But how to determine if there are overlapping intervals. For example, if there are two intervals that overlap, then the minimal number of colors is 2.

But if there are three intervals that overlap at a single point, the minimal number of colors is 2.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 if there are any overlapping intervals, else 1.

But how to determine if there are any overlapping intervals.

But the problem is that the test case may have intervals that are not overlapping, but the minimal number of colors is 1.

But how to determine this.

But the problem is to find the minimal number of colors. So, for each test case, if there are any overlapping intervals, the minimal number is 2, else 1.

But how to determine if there are any overlapping intervals.

But this is not correct. For example, if there are two intervals that overlap at a single point, then the minimal number of colors is 2. If there are three intervals that overlap at a single point, the minimal number is 2. So, the answer is 2.

But what if there are two intervals that overlap at a single point, and another interval that does not overlap with any others. Then, the minimal number of colors is 2.

But how to determine this.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 if there is at least one overlapping interval, else 1.

But how to determine if there are any overlapping intervals.

But how to compute this.

But for the problem, the answer is 2 if there is any overlapping interval, else 1.

So, the problem reduces to:

For each test case, if the intervals are such that there is at least one overlapping point, then the minimal number of colors is 2, else 1.

But how to determine if there is any overlapping interval.

But this is not correct. For example, if there are two intervals that are [1, 2] and [3,4], then no overlapping, so minimal number of colors is 1.

If there are two intervals that are [1,2] and [1,2], then overlapping, so minimal number of colors is 2.

So, the minimal number of colors is 1 if no overlapping intervals, else 2.

So, the problem is to determine whether there are any overlapping intervals. If yes, then 2 colors, else 1.

But how to determine this.

But the problem is that for the given input, it's possible to have intervals that are non-overlapping, but the minimal number of colors is 1.

But how to determine this.

But for the problem, the answer is 2 if there exists at least one overlapping interval, else 1.

But how to determine if there are overlapping intervals.

But for the problem, the number of overlapping intervals can be determined by checking if any two intervals overlap. But for large n (up to 2e5), this would be O(n^2), which is not feasible.

So, this approach is not feasible for large n.

But how to determine if there are any overlapping intervals.

The correct way to determine if there are overlapping intervals is to check if the intervals are not all non-overlapping.

But how to do this efficiently.

The standard way to check if there are overlapping intervals is to sort the intervals by their start time and then check for any consecutive intervals that overlap.

But for the problem, we need to determine if there is at least one overlapping interval, which is equivalent to checking if the intervals are not all non-overlapping.

But how to do this efficiently.

For example, if we sort the intervals by their start time, and then for each interval, check if it overlaps with the previous one. If any of them do, then there are overlapping intervals.

But this would work for checking if there are overlapping intervals.

So, the steps would be:

For each test case:

1. Check if there are any overlapping intervals. If not, output 1.

2. Else, output 2.

But this is not correct. For example, if there are two intervals that are [1, 2] and [2, 3], then they overlap at 2. So, the answer is 2.

But if there are two intervals that are [1, 2] and [3, 4], then no overlapping, so answer is 1.

But how to determine if there are overlapping intervals.

So, the problem is to determine if the intervals are such that there exists at least one overlapping pair.

But how to do this efficiently.

The standard approach is to sort the intervals by their start time, and then check for each interval whether it overlaps with the previous one.

So, for example:

Sort the intervals by l_i.

For i from 1 to n-1:

if intervals[i].l_i <= intervals[i-1].r_i:

then there is overlapping.

But this is not sufficient, because the intervals may not overlap at the same point. For example, [1, 2] and [2, 3] are overlapping at 2.

So, the correct way to check for overlapping is:

If the start of the current interval is <= the end of the previous interval, then they overlap.

So, after sorting by l_i, if any two consecutive intervals overlap, then there are overlapping intervals.

But this is not sufficient. For example, if the intervals are [1, 3], [2, 4], [5, 6], then the first two overlap, so there are overlapping intervals.

But what about if the intervals are [1, 1], [2, 2], [3,3], etc. Then, they are non-overlapping.

So, the algorithm to check if there are overlapping intervals is:

Sort the intervals by l_i.

Then, for each i from 1 to n-1:

if intervals[i].l_i <= intervals[i-1].r_i, then there is an overlapping interval.

If this is true for any i, then there are overlapping intervals.

So, the minimal number of colors is 1 if there are no overlapping intervals, else 2.

But this is not correct. Because if there are overlapping intervals, but the colors can be assigned in a way that for each overlapping point, there is at least one color that is unique.

But according to the sample, this is possible.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 if there are any overlapping intervals, else 1.

But how to implement this.

But this would mean that the answer for the first test case is 2, which is correct.

But how to handle cases where there are overlapping intervals, but the minimal number of colors is 2.

But according to this logic, the answer is 2.

But what about a case where there are overlapping intervals, but the minimal number of colors is 1?

No, because if there are overlapping intervals, then the colors must be assigned in such a way that for each overlapping point, there is at least one unique color. So, for example, if there are two intervals that overlap at a single point, then they must have different colors. So, the minimal number of colors is 2.

So, this logic is correct.

So, the steps for the solution are:

For each test case:

- Check if there are any overlapping intervals. If not, output 1 and assign color 1 to all.

- Else, output 2 and assign colors in a way that for each overlapping interval, there is at least one unique color.

But how to assign the colors.

Now, the problem is to assign colors to the intervals in such a way that for any overlapping intervals, there is at least one color that is unique.

But how to do this.

For example, when there are overlapping intervals, we can assign colors in a way that for each interval, we assign a color that is unique to it, but if two intervals overlap, they have different colors.

But this is not possible if there are multiple overlapping intervals. For example, if there are three overlapping intervals, then two of them can have the same color, and one has a unique color.

But how to assign this.

An approach is to assign colors in a way that for each interval, we assign a color based on its position in the sorted list.

For example, sort the intervals by their start time, and assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is the number of intervals that have a start time before or equal to the current interval's start time.

But this is not clear.

Another approach: assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is the number of intervals that are overlapping with it. But this is not helpful.

Alternatively, assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is the number of intervals that are non-overlapping with it. But this is not helpful.

Alternatively, assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first interval, 2 if it is the second, etc. But this is not correct.

But how to assign the colors.

In the first test case, the intervals are sorted as:

[1-4], [2-8], [3-7], [5-10], [6-9].

The colors are assigned as 1, 2, 2, 1, 2.

So, the first interval is color 1, the second is 2, the third is 2, the fourth is 1, the fifth is 2.

So, the colors are assigned in a way that for overlapping intervals, one of them has a unique color.

So, perhaps the way to assign colors is to assign the first interval color 1, and then for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous one, assign it color 2, and so on.

But how to implement this.

But how to ensure that for any overlapping intervals, there is at least one color that is unique.

An idea is to assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first interval, 2 if it overlaps with the previous interval, and so on. But this may not work.

Alternatively, for the sorted list of intervals, assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first interval, and for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous one, assign it color 2, and so on.

But this is not guaranteed to work.

But for the sample case, it works.

So, let's think of the algorithm:

Sort the intervals by their start time.

Initialize a color variable.

For each interval in the sorted list:

   if it is the first interval, assign color 1.

   else:

      if it overlaps with the previous interval, assign color 2.

      else, assign color 1.

But this would not work for cases where the current interval overlaps with multiple previous intervals.

For example, if there are three intervals [1, 3], [2, 4], [3, 5], sorted by start time. The first is 1, color 1. The second overlaps with the first, color 2. The third overlaps with the second, color 2. So, for the overlapping points, the color 1 is used once (only in the first interval), and color 2 is used twice (second and third). So, for the overlapping points, there is at least one color (color 1) that is unique.

So, this assignment works.

But what about if there are four overlapping intervals. For example, four intervals [1, 2], [2, 3], [3, 4], [4, 5]. The first is color 1. The second overlaps with the first, color 2. The third overlaps with the second, color 2. The fourth overlaps with the third, color 2. So, for the overlapping points, the color 1 is used once (first interval), and color 2 is used three times. So, it's okay.

So, this approach works.

But what about if there are intervals that overlap with multiple previous intervals. For example, [1, 5], [2, 6], [3, 7], [4, 8], [5, 9]. The first interval is color 1. The second overlaps with the first, color 2. The third overlaps with the second, color 2. The fourth overlaps with the third, color 2. The fifth overlaps with the fourth, color 2. So, for the overlapping points, the color 1 is used once, and color 2 is used four times. So, it's okay.

So, this approach seems to work.

So, the algorithm is:

Sort the intervals by their start time.

For each interval in the sorted list:

   if it is the first interval, assign color 1.

   else:

      if it overlaps with the previous interval, assign color 2.

      else, assign color 1.

But this may not work in all cases. For example, if there are three intervals that overlap with each other, but the third interval does not overlap with the second.

Wait, no. If the intervals are sorted by start time, then the third interval has a start time >= the start of the second. If it overlaps with the second, then the start of the third is <= the end of the second.

So, in the sorted list, for each interval i, if it overlaps with the previous interval, then it is assigned color 2. Otherwise, color 1.

But how to determine if it overlaps with the previous interval.

So, for the sorted list, the intervals are sorted by l_i. For each i from 1 to n-1:

if the current interval's l_i <= previous interval's r_i: overlap.

So, the color for the current interval is 2 if it overlaps with the previous, else 1.

But this may not work for all cases. For example, if there are three intervals [1, 2], [2, 3], [3, 4]. The first is color 1, second overlaps with first, color 2. Third overlaps with second, color 2. So, for the overlapping points, the color 1 is used once, and color 2 is used twice. So, it's okay.

Another example: [1, 3], [2, 4], [3, 5]. The first is color 1, second overlaps with first, color 2. Third overlaps with second, color 2. So, for the overlapping points, color 1 is used once, and color 2 is used twice. So, it's okay.

Another example: [1, 2], [2, 3], [4, 5]. The first is color 1, second overlaps with first, color 2. Third does not overlap with the second, so color 1. So, for the overlapping point 2, color 1 is used once (first interval), and color 2 is used once (second interval). So, it's okay.

So, this approach seems to work.

So, the algorithm is:

For each test case:

- Sort the intervals by their start time.

- Check if there are overlapping intervals. If not, output 1 and assign color 1 to all.

- Else, output 2 and assign colors as described.

Now, the problem is to implement this.

But how to check if there are overlapping intervals.

As mentioned earlier, after sorting the intervals by l_i, we can check if any consecutive intervals overlap.

So, the code for checking overlapping intervals is:

sorted_intervals = sorted(intervals, key=lambda x: x[0])

overlapping = False

for i in range(1, len(sorted_intervals)):

    if sorted_intervals[i][0] <= sorted_intervals[i-1][1]:

        overlapping = True

        break

if not overlapping:

    # assign 1 to all

else:

    # assign colors as per the algorithm

But this is not sufficient. Because even if there are no overlapping intervals between consecutive intervals, there may be overlapping intervals that are not consecutive.

For example, intervals [1, 3], [2, 4], [5, 6]. The first two overlap, so overlapping is True. So, the code will assign colors as per the algorithm.

But if the intervals are [1, 2], [3, 4], [2, 3], then the first and third intervals overlap. But the code will check consecutive intervals. The first and second intervals are [1,2] and [3,4], which do not overlap. The second and third intervals are [3,4] and [2,3], which overlap. So, overlapping is True.

So, the code correctly detects overlapping intervals.

So, the code for checking overlapping intervals is correct.

Once we know that there are overlapping intervals, we proceed to assign colors.

The color assignment is as follows:

sorted_intervals = sorted by l_i.

color = 1

for i in range(n):

    if i == 0:

        color_i = 1

    else:

        if sorted_intervals[i][0] <= sorted_intervals[i-1][1]:

            color_i = 2

        else:

            color_i = 1

    assign color_i to the i-th interval.

But wait, this is not correct. Because the color_i may be assigned to the current interval, but it may overlap with previous intervals.

But this is the approach.

So, for the first test case:

sorted intervals are:

[1-4], [2-8], [3-7], [5-10], [6-9]

The first interval is color 1.

Second interval: l=2 <= previous r=4. So color 2.

Third interval: l=3 <= previous r=8. So color 2.

Fourth interval: l=5 <= previous r=7 (since previous is [3-7], r=7. 5 <=7. So color 2.

Fifth interval: l=6 <= previous r=9 (previous is [5-10], r=10. 6 <=10. So color 2.

So the colors are [1, 2, 2, 2, 2]. But this is not the sample output. The sample output is [1,2,2,1,2].

Wait, this is a problem. Because according to this assignment, the fourth interval (5-10) is color 2, and the fifth (6-9) is color 2. But in the sample, the fourth interval is color 1.

So, this suggests that the approach is incorrect.

Hmm, what's wrong here?

In the sample, the fourth interval (5-10) is color 1, and the fifth (6-9) is color 2.

But according to the algorithm, the fourth interval is color 2, fifth is color 2.

So, this suggests that the algorithm is not correct.

So, what's the issue?

The algorithm assigns color 2 to the fourth interval because it overlaps with the previous interval (3-7), which has r=7. The fourth interval's l=5 <=7, so it overlaps. So, color is 2. But in the sample, the fourth interval is color 1.

So, this suggests that the algorithm is not correct.

So, the problem is that the algorithm assigns color 2 to the fourth interval, but in the sample, it's assigned color 1.

So, the algorithm is not correct.

This indicates that the approach of assigning color 2 to overlapping intervals is not sufficient.

So, what's the correct way to assign colors?

The problem is that the algorithm assigns color 2 to overlapping intervals, but in the sample, the fourth interval is assigned color 1, which is not overlapping with the previous interval.

Wait, no. The fourth interval is [5-10], and the previous interval is [3-7]. The fourth interval's l=5 is <= previous r=7, so they overlap. So, according to the algorithm, the fourth interval is assigned color 2. But in the sample, the fourth interval is assigned color 1.

So, why is that?

Because the sample's color assignment is different. So, the algorithm's approach is not the correct one.

This suggests that the previous approach is incorrect.

So, what's the correct way to assign colors?

The problem is that the algorithm assigns color 2 to overlapping intervals, but in the sample, the fourth interval is assigned color 1. So, why is that?

Because in the sample, the fourth interval is [5-10], and the fifth is [6-9]. The fourth and fifth intervals overlap. So, the fifth interval is assigned color 2, and the fourth is assigned color 1.

So, the algorithm's approach is not working.

This indicates that the previous approach is not correct.

So, what's the correct way to assign colors?

The correct way is to assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is unique in the overlapping set.

But how to do this.

Another idea: for each interval, assign a color that is the number of intervals that overlap with it. But this is not helpful.

Alternatively, assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is the number of intervals that start before it and end after it. But this is not helpful.

Another idea: For each interval, assign a color based on its position in the sorted list, but with a twist.

For example, assign color 1 to the first interval, color 2 to the second interval, and so on. But this would not work for overlapping intervals.

But in the sample, the first interval is color 1, the second is 2, the third is 2, the fourth is 1, the fifth is 2.

So, the colors are assigned in a way that for overlapping intervals, some are assigned color 1, and others color 2.

But how to determine this.

Perhaps the correct way is to assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first interval, and 2 if it overlaps with the previous interval, but if it overlaps with multiple previous intervals, then it's assigned color 2, but some of the previous intervals are assigned color 1.

But this is not clear.

Another idea: For each interval, assign a color that is unique to it, but if it overlaps with previous intervals, assign a color that is unique to it. But this requires that the colors are assigned in a way that for overlapping intervals, at least one of them has a unique color.

But how to do this.

This seems like a complex problem, and I'm not sure how to proceed.

Given the time constraints, perhaps I should look for a different approach.

Let me think about the problem again. The key is to ensure that for every integer t, there is at least one color that is used exactly once.

This is equivalent to saying that for every integer t, the set of intervals covering t has at least one color that is used exactly once.

This is equivalent to saying that for every t, the number of intervals covering t is at least 1, and the number of colors used in the intervals covering t is at least 1.

But how to ensure this.

But this is not helpful.

Another idea: The problem is similar to the problem of scheduling intervals with colors, where for each point, at least one color is used once.

But how to model this.

Perhaps the minimal number of colors is the maximum number of intervals that overlap at any point, but this is not the case.

But in the first test case, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 4, but the minimal number of colors is 2.

So, this suggests that the minimal number of colors is not directly related to the maximum number of overlapping intervals.

So, I'm stuck.

Perhaps I should look for the solution in terms of the sample.

In the first test case, the colors are assigned as follows:

1, 2, 2, 1, 2.

This means that for the first interval, color 1 is used once. For the second, color 2 is used once. For the third, color 2 is used twice. For the fourth, color 1 is used once. For the fifth, color 2 is used twice.

So, for each t, there is at least one color that is used once.

So, the key is that for each overlapping set of intervals, there is at least one color that is used once.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2.

But how to assign the colors.

The way to assign the colors is to ensure that for each overlapping set of intervals, at least one of them has a color that is unique.

This can be achieved by assigning colors in a way that for each interval, if it is the first in a group of overlapping intervals, it gets color 1, and others get color 2.

But how to determine this.

Alternatively, assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first in a group of overlapping intervals, and 2 otherwise.

But how to implement this.

Perhaps the correct approach is to assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first in a group of overlapping intervals, and 2 otherwise. But this requires knowing which intervals are part of a group.

But this is not feasible for large n.

Alternatively, assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first interval in the sorted list, and for any subsequent interval that overlaps with the previous one, assign color 2. But this is what the previous algorithm does, but it doesn't work for the sample.

So, why does the sample have the fourth interval as color 1?

In the sample, the fourth interval is [5-10], which overlaps with the third interval [3-7], and the fifth interval [6-9]. So, the fourth interval is assigned color 1, and the fifth color 2.

So, why is the fourth interval assigned color 1?

Because it is not overlapping with the previous interval in a way that requires it to be color 2.

Wait, the previous interval is [3-7], and the fourth is [5-10]. The fourth interval starts at 5, which is <= 7 (the end of the previous interval). So, they overlap. So, according to the previous algorithm, the fourth interval should be assigned color 2.

But in the sample, it is assigned color 1.

This suggests that the algorithm is incorrect.

So, what is the correct way to assign colors?

Perhaps the algorithm should assign color 1 to the first interval, and for each subsequent interval, assign color 2 if it overlaps with the previous interval, but if it does not overlap, assign color 1. But this is what the previous algorithm does.

But in the sample, this leads to a different assignment.

So, what is the correct way to assign colors?

Maybe the algorithm should assign color 1 to the first interval, and for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous interval, assign color 2, but if it overlaps with multiple previous intervals, assign color 1 to the first of them.

But this is not clear.

Alternatively, the algorithm should assign color 1 to the first interval, and for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous interval, assign color 2, but if it overlaps with the previous interval and also with the one before that, assign color 1 to the first of them.

But this is getting too complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps I should look for a different approach.

Another idea: The problem requires that for every integer t, there is at least one color that is used exactly once. This is equivalent to saying that for every t, the set of intervals covering t has at least one color that is used once.

This is equivalent to saying that for every t, the number of intervals covering t is at least 1, and the number of colors used in the intervals covering t is at least 1.

But this is not helpful.

Another idea: For each interval, assign a color that is unique to it. If two intervals overlap, they must have different colors. But if three intervals overlap, then two of them can have the same color, and one has a unique color.

So, the minimal number of colors is 2 if there are any overlapping intervals, and 1 otherwise.

But how to assign the colors.

The way to assign colors is to assign the first interval color 1, and for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous one, assign color 2, otherwise assign color 1. But this is what the previous algorithm does.

But in the sample, this leads to the fourth interval being assigned color 2, but in the sample, it is assigned color 1.

So, why is this?

Maybe the sample's assignment is not the only possible one, and the algorithm's approach is also correct.

But the sample's output is one of the possible correct assignments.

So, the algorithm's approach may be correct, and the sample's assignment is also correct.

So, the algorithm's approach may be correct, and the sample's assignment is just one possible way.

But why in the sample, the fourth interval is assigned color 1?

Because in the sample's assignment, the fourth interval is assigned color 1, and the fifth is 2. This is also a valid assignment.

So, the algorithm's approach may be correct, and the sample's assignment is just one of many possible valid assignments.

So, the algorithm's approach is to assign colors as follows:

For each interval, if it overlaps with the previous one, assign color 2, else 1.

But this may not be the only way, but it is a valid way.

So, let's proceed with this algorithm.

Now, let's test this approach on the first test case.

Sorted intervals: [1-4], [2-8], [3-7], [5-10], [6-9].

Color assignment:

1: 1.

2: 2 (overlaps with 1-4).

3: 2 (overlaps with 2-8).

4: 2 (overlaps with 3-7).

5: 2 (overlaps with 5-10, which is [5-10], and previous is [3-7], which ends at 7. 5 <=7, so overlaps.

So, the colors are [1,2,2,2,2].

But this is not the sample's assignment. But the sample's assignment is also valid. So, the algorithm's approach is correct.

But why is the sample's assignment different? Because the problem allows any valid assignment.

So, the algorithm's approach is correct, and the sample's assignment is also correct.

So, the code can proceed with this approach.

Now, the code needs to:

For each test case:

- Check if there are overlapping intervals.

- If not, output 1 and all colors are 1.

- Else, output 2 and assign colors as per the algorithm.

But how to implement this.

Now, let's implement this in Python.

First, read t test cases.

For each test case:

Read n.

Read n pairs of l_i and r_i.

Sort the intervals by l_i.

Check if there are any overlapping intervals.

To check this:

sorted_intervals = sorted(intervals, key=lambda x: x[0])

overlapping = False

for i in range(1, n):

    if sorted_intervals[i][0] <= sorted_intervals[i-1][1]:

        overlapping = True

        break

if not overlapping:

    print(1)

    print('1 ' * n)

else:

    print(2)

    assign colors as per the algorithm.

But how to assign the colors.

For the color assignment:

colors = [0] * n

colors[0] = 1

for i in range(1, n):

    if sorted_intervals[i][0] <= sorted_intervals[i-1][1]:

        colors[i] = 2

    else:

        colors[i] = 1

Then, print the colors.

But this would produce the colors as described.

But in the first test case, this would produce [1, 2, 2, 2, 2], which is valid.

But the sample output is [1, 2, 2, 1, 2]. So, this is a different valid assignment.

But the problem allows any valid assignment, so this is acceptable.

But why is the sample's assignment different? Because there are multiple valid assignments.

So, the code is correct.

But the problem requires that the code outputs the minimum number of colors, which is 2 in this case.

So, this code would pass the sample.

But let's check the first sample:

Sample input 1:

5

1 4

2 8

3 7

5 10

6 9

Sorted intervals: [1-4], [2-8], [3-7], [5-10], [6-9].

Colors: 1, 2, 2, 2, 2.

But for t=5, the intervals are [2-8], [3-7], [5-10], [6-9]. The colors are 2, 2, 2, 2. So, for t=5, all four intervals have color 2. So, there is no color that is used exactly once. This is invalid.

Wait, this is a problem! This suggests that the algorithm is incorrect.

Ah, this is a critical error.

In this case, the algorithm's assignment would lead to a situation where for t=5, all four intervals have color 2. So, the color 2 is used four times, and there is no color that is used exactly once. This is invalid.

So, the algorithm is incorrect.

This is a major issue.

So, the previous approach is incorrect.

This means that the algorithm is not correct, and the previous reasoning was wrong.

So, what is the correct way to assign colors?

This is a critical problem.

So, the algorithm must ensure that for every t, there is at least one color that is used exactly once.

But how.

This suggests that the previous approach is not sufficient, and a new approach is needed.

Given the time constraints, I need to find a correct way to assign colors.

Let me think again.

The problem requires that for every t, there exists a color that is used exactly once in the intervals covering t.

This is equivalent to saying that for every t, the number of intervals covering t is at least 1, and the number of colors used in the intervals covering t is at least 1.

But how to ensure this.

This is equivalent to saying that for every t, the number of intervals covering t is at least 1, and the number of colors used in the intervals covering t is at least 1.

But how to ensure this.

But this is not sufficient. For example, if there are two intervals covering t, and both have the same color, then the color is used twice, and there is no color that is used exactly once.

So, the problem requires that for every t, the number of intervals covering t is at least 1, and there is at least one color that is used exactly once.

So, for every t, the number of intervals covering t is at least 1, and the number of colors used in the intervals covering t is at least 1.

But how to ensure this.

This is a complex problem.

Perhaps the correct approach is to assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is unique to it, but if two intervals overlap, they have different colors. This would ensure that for any t, if there are m intervals covering t, then at least one of them has a unique color.

But how to do this.

This is the same as saying that the number of colors is equal to the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point.

But this is not the case.

But in the first test case, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 4, but the minimal number of colors is 2.

So, this suggests that the minimal number of colors is 2.

But how to assign the colors.

Perhaps the correct way is to assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first interval, and 2 if it overlaps with the previous interval, but if it overlaps with multiple previous intervals, assign color 1 to the first one and 2 to the others.

But this is not clear.

Another idea: For each interval, assign a color that is unique to it, and if two intervals overlap, assign them different colors. This would require that the number of colors is equal to the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point.

But this is not possible in the first test case, where the maximum is 4, but the minimal number of colors is 2.

So, this approach is not correct.

At this point, I realize that I'm stuck and need to find a different approach.

Let me look for a pattern in the sample.

In the first test case, the colors are assigned as 1, 2, 2, 1, 2.

For t=5, the intervals are 2-8, 3-7, 5-10, 6-9.

The colors are 2, 2, 1, 2.

So, the color 1 is used once (the fourth interval), and the others are used twice. So, it's valid.

So, the key is to assign colors in such a way that for each overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

This suggests that the algorithm should assign colors in a way that for each overlapping set, at least one of the intervals has a unique color.

So, the algorithm should assign colors in a way that for each interval, if it is part of a group of overlapping intervals, it gets a unique color.

But how to do this.

Perhaps the correct approach is to assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first in a group of overlapping intervals, and 2 otherwise.

But how to determine this.

Alternatively, for each interval, assign a color that is 1 if it is the first in the sorted list, and 2 if it is not, but this is not correct.

Another idea: For each interval, assign a color that is 1 if it is the first in the sorted list, and 2 if it overlaps with the previous interval. But this is what the previous algorithm does, but it leads to invalid assignments in some cases.

But in the first test case, this leads to t=5 having all colors 2, which is invalid.

So, what is the correct way to assign colors?

Maybe the algorithm should assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first in the sorted list, and 2 if it overlaps with the previous interval, but if it overlaps with multiple previous intervals, it is assigned color 1 to the first one and 2 to the others.

But how to implement this.

This is getting too complex.

Given the time constraints, perhaps I should refer to the sample and try to find a pattern.

In the sample, the colors are assigned such that for each overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

So, for the first test case, the colors are 1, 2, 2, 1, 2.

This suggests that the algorithm should assign color 1 to the first interval, and for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous, assign color 2, but if it overlaps with multiple previous intervals, assign color 1 to the first one and 2 to the others.

But how to determine this.

Perhaps the correct way is to assign color 1 to the first interval, and for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous interval, assign color 2, but if it overlaps with the previous and the one before, assign color 1 to the first of them and 2 to the others.

But this is not feasible.

Given the time, I think I should look for a different approach.

Let me think of the problem as a graph where each interval is a node, and edges represent overlapping. The problem is to assign colors such that for every node in a clique, there is at least one color that is unique.

This is equivalent to the problem of coloring the graph such that each clique has at least one color unique to it.

This is a complex problem, but for the purposes of this problem, perhaps the minimal number of colors is 2, and the colors can be assigned in a way that for each overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

But how to implement this.

Perhaps the correct way is to assign color 1 to the first interval, and for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous, assign color 2, but if it overlaps with the previous and the one before, assign color 1 to the first and 2 to the others.

But this is not feasible.

Given the time, I think I should proceed with the initial approach, even though it may not pass all cases, and see if it passes the sample.

But in the first test case, the algorithm's assignment is invalid, so it would fail.

So, what is the correct way to assign colors?

Maybe the correct way is to assign color 1 to the first interval, and for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous, assign color 2, but if it overlaps with the previous and the one before, assign color 1 to the first and 2 to the others.

But this is not clear.

Alternatively, assign color 1 to the first interval, and for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous, assign color 2, and if it overlaps with the previous and the one before, assign color 1 to the first and 2 to the others.

But this is not possible.

At this point, I think I need to look for a different approach.

Let me think about the problem in terms of the events.

For each interval, the start and end events can be processed.

For each event, we can track the number of active intervals.

But how to assign colors.

Another idea: For each interval, assign a color that is unique to it. If two intervals overlap, assign them different colors. This would require that the number of colors is equal to the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point.

But this is not possible in the first test case, where the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 4, but the minimal number of colors is 2.

So, this suggests that this approach is not correct.

Given the time, I think I should proceed with the initial approach, even though it may not pass all cases, and see.

But the code would fail the first test case.

So, what is the correct way to assign colors?

Maybe the correct way is to assign colors in a way that for each interval, the color is 1 if it is the first in the sorted list, and 2 if it overlaps with the previous interval, but if it overlaps with multiple previous intervals, it is assigned color 1 to the first and 2 to the others.

But how to implement this.

For example, in the first test case, the fourth interval overlaps with the previous interval, so it is assigned color 2. But in the sample, it is assigned color 1.

So, this suggests that the algorithm is not correct.

At this point, I'm stuck and need to find a different approach.

Let me think about the problem in terms of the following: the minimal number of colors is 2 if there are any overlapping intervals, and 1 otherwise.

And the colors can be assigned in a way that for each interval, if it is the first, color 1, and for others, if it overlaps with the previous, color 2, but if it overlaps with the previous and the one before, assign color 1 to the first and 2 to the others.

But how to implement this.

Perhaps the correct way is to assign color 1 to the first interval, and for each subsequent interval, if it overlaps with the previous, assign color 2, and if it overlaps with the previous and the one before, assign color 1 to the first and 2 to the others.

But this is not feasible.

Given the time, I think I should proceed with the initial code and see.

The code would be:

Read t.

For each test case:

Read n.

Read the intervals.

Sort by l_i.

Check if there are overlapping intervals.

If not, print 1 and 1's.

Else, print 2 and assign colors as described.

But this would fail the first test case.

But the sample's output is different, but it is valid.

So, the code would pass the sample if the colors are assigned in a way that for each overlapping set, there is at least one unique color.

But how to ensure this.

Maybe the code is correct, and the previous analysis is wrong.

In the first test case, the colors are [1,2,2,2,2]. For t=5, the intervals are [2-8], [3-7], [5-10], [6-9]. The colors are 2, 2, 2, 2. So, all colors are 2. So, there is no color that is used exactly once. This is invalid.

So, the code would output an invalid result.

This indicates that the code is incorrect.

Thus, the previous approach is incorrect.

At this point, I'm stuck and need to find a different approach.

Let me think about the problem in terms of the following: the minimal number of colors is 2 if there are any overlapping intervals, and the colors can be assigned in a way that for each overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

To achieve this, for each overlapping set, at least one interval is assigned a color that is unique.

This can be done by assigning color 1 to the first interval, and color 2 to all other intervals.

But this would ensure that for any overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

But this is not possible, because if there are multiple overlapping intervals, all would have color 2, and the first would have color 1.

So, for example, if there are three overlapping intervals, the first has color 1, others have color 2. So, for the overlapping set, the color 1 is used once, and color 2 is used twice. So, it's valid.

So, this is a valid assignment.

So, the algorithm should assign color 1 to the first interval, and color 2 to all other intervals.

But this would work.

But why?

Because for any overlapping set, the first interval has color 1, and the others have color 2. So, for any t in the overlapping set, the color 1 is used once (if it is the first interval), and color 2 is used multiple times. So, there is at least one color (1) that is used once.

But this is only true if the first interval is part of the overlapping set.

But if the first interval is not part of the overlapping set, then it's possible that the first interval is not part of the overlapping set.

But this is not possible, because the first interval is part of the overlapping set.

Wait, no. If the first interval is not part of any overlapping set, then it is not part of any overlapping set.

But if the first interval is part of an overlapping set, then it has color 1, and others have color 2.

So, this would ensure that for any overlapping set, the first interval has color 1, and others have color 2. So, for any t in the overlapping set, the color 1 is used once (if the first interval is part of the overlapping set), and color 2 is used multiple times.

So, this would be valid.

But how to ensure that the first interval is part of the overlapping set.

This is not always the case. For example, if the first interval is [1, 2], and the second is [3, 4], then there is no overlapping, so the code would output 1.

But if the first interval is [1, 2], and the second is [2, 3], then there is overlapping, and the first is color 1, second is color 2. For t=2, the first and second intervals are overlapping. The color 1 is used once, and color 2 is used once. So, it's valid.

So, this approach would work.

So, the algorithm is:

For each test case:

- If there are no overlapping intervals, output 1 and all 1.

- Else, output 2, and assign the first interval color 1, and all other intervals color 2.

This would ensure that for any overlapping set, the first interval has color 1, and others have color 2. So, for any t in the overlapping set, there is at least one color (1) that is used once (if the first interval is part of the overlapping set).

But this is not always the case. For example, if the first interval is [1, 2], and the second is [1, 2], then the first is color 1, the second is color 2. For t=1, both intervals have color 1 and 2, so color 1 is used once (first), and color 2 is used once (second). So, it's valid.

If the first interval is [1, 2], and the second is [2, 3], then the first is color 1, second is color 2. For t=2, both intervals are present. Color 1 is used once (first), color 2 is used once (second). So, it's valid.

If the first interval is [1, 3], and the second is [2, 4], and the third is [3, 5], then the first is color 1, second is color 2, third is color 2. For t=3, the first, second, and third intervals are present. Color 1 is used once (first), color 2 is used twice (second and third). So, it's valid.

So, this approach would work.

But why in the first test case, this would work.

In the first test case, the first interval is [1-4], color 1. The second is [2-8], color 2. Third is [3-7], color 2. Fourth is [5-10], color 2. Fifth is [6-9], color 2.

For t=5, the intervals are [2-8], [3-7], [5-10], [6-9]. The colors are 2, 2, 2, 2. So, the color 1 is used once (first interval), and others are used twice. So, it's valid.

Ah, this is correct! Because the first interval is color 1, and the others are color 2. So, for any t in the overlapping set, there is at least one color (1) that is used once.

So, this is a valid assignment.

So, the algorithm is:

For each test case:

- If there are no overlapping intervals, output 1 and all 1.

- Else, output 2 and assign the first interval color 1, and all other intervals color 2.

This would work.

So, the code would be:

For each test case:

Sort the intervals by l_i.

Check if there are overlapping intervals.

If not, output 1 and 1's.

Else, output 2 and assign the first interval to 1, others to 2.

This would ensure that for any overlapping set, the first interval has color 1, and others have color 2. So, for any t in the overlapping set, the color 1 is used once (if the first interval is part of the overlapping set), and others are used multiple times.

But how to ensure that the first interval is part of the overlapping set.

But if there are overlapping intervals, the first interval is part of the overlapping set.

For example, if the first interval is [1, 3], and the second is [2, 4], then the first is part of the overlapping set.

If the first interval is [1, 3], and the second is [4, 5], then the first is not part of the overlapping set with the second, but the second is part of the overlapping set with the third, etc.

But in this case, the first interval is not part of the overlapping set with the second, so the code would assign the first interval color 1, and the second color 2. For t=4, the second interval is present, and the first is not. So, the color 1 is not used in t=4, and the color 2 is used once (second). So, it's valid.

So, this approach is correct.

So, the code would be:

For each test case:

Sort the intervals by l_i.

Check if there are any overlapping intervals.

If not, output 1 and all 1's.

Else, output 2 and assign colors as follows: first interval is 1, others are 2.

This would ensure that for any t, there is at least one color that is used exactly once.

So, this is the correct approach.

Let's test this on the first test case.

Sorted intervals: [1-4], [2-8], [3-7], [5-10], [6-9].

Colors: 1, 2, 2, 2, 2.

For t=5, the intervals are [2-8], [3-7], [5-10], [6-9]. The colors are 2, 2, 2, 2. So, the color 1 is used once (first interval), and others are used twice. So, it's valid.

For t=3, the intervals are [1-4], [2-8], [3-7]. Colors are 1, 2, 2. So, color 1 is used once, others are used twice. Valid.

For t=2, the intervals are [1-4], [2-8]. Colors are 1, 2. So, color 1 is used once. Valid.

For t=1, only [1-4] is present. Color 1 is used once. Valid.

For t=4, the intervals are [1-4], [2-8]. Colors are 1, 2. Valid.

So, this is valid.

Thus, this approach is correct.

The previous error was due to the incorrect assignment of colors, but this new approach is correct.

So, the code is:

Read t.

For each test case:

Read n.

Read n pairs of l_i and r_i.

Sort the intervals by l_i.

Check if there are any overlapping intervals.

To check for overlapping, as before.

If not, output 1 and all 1's.

Else, output 2 and assign colors as follows: first interval is 1, others are 2.

So, the code would be:

Now, the code.

Now, let's implement this.

The code for checking overlapping intervals is:

sorted_intervals = sorted(intervals, key=lambda x: x[0])

overlapping = False

for i in range(1, n):

    if sorted_intervals[i][0] <= sorted_intervals[i-1][1]:

        overlapping = True

        break

if not overlapping:

    print(1)

    print('1 ' * n)

else:

    print(2)

    colors = [1] * n

    colors[0] = 1

    for i in range(1, n):

        colors[i] = 2

    print(' '.join(map(str, colors)))

Wait, but this would assign the first interval as 1, and others as 2. But in the first test case, this is correct.

So, this code would pass the first test case.

Let's test the first test case:

The code would output 2, and the colors are [1,2,2,2,2].

But the sample output is [1,2,2,1,2]. But this is also valid, as the problem allows any valid assignment.

So, this code is correct.

Now, let's check the second sample.

Sample input 2:

5

1 5

2 6

3 7

4 7

6 7

Sorted intervals:

[1-5], [2-6], [3-7], [4-7], [6-7].

Check for overlapping:

1-5 and 2-6: overlap.

2-6 and 3-7: overlap.

3-7 and 4-7: overlap.

4-7 and 6-7: overlap.

So, overlapping is True.

The code would output 2, and the colors are [1, 2, 2, 2, 2].

But the sample output is 2, and the colors are [1, 2, 2, 2, 1].

So, this is also valid.

So, the code is correct.

Thus, this approach is correct.

Now, the code can be implemented.

So, the final code is:

Read t.

For each test case:

Read n.

Read n pairs of l and r.

Sort the intervals by l.

Check for overlapping.

If no overlapping, print 1 and 1's.

Else, print 2 and colors as 1, 2, 2, 2, ... .

But in the code, the first interval is 1, others are 2.

So, the code is:

Now, let's write the code.

But in Python, for each test case, we need to read n, then read n lines of l and r.

Now, the code:

import sys

t = int(sys.stdin.readline())

for _ in range(t):

    n = int(sys.stdin.readline())

    intervals = []

    for _ in range(n):

        l, r = map(int, sys.stdin.readline().split())

        intervals.append( (l, r) )

    # sort intervals by l

    intervals.sort()

    # check for overlapping

    overlapping = False

    for i in range(1, n):

        if intervals[i][0] <= intervals[i-1][1]:

            overlapping = True

            break

    if not overlapping:

        print(1)

        print('1 ' * n)

    else:

        print(2)

        colors = [1] * n

        colors[0] = 1

        for i in range(1, n):

            colors[i] = 2

        print(' '.join(map(str, colors)))

But wait, in the first test case, the code would output 2 and the colors [1, 2, 2, 2, 2], which is valid.

But in the sample, the output is [1, 2, 2, 1, 2]. But the code's output is also valid.

So, this code should pass all test cases.

But let's check the third sample.

Sample input 3:

5

4 9

8 17

2 15

12 19

6 13

Sorted intervals:

[4-9], [2-15], [12-19], [6-13], [8-17]

Wait, no, sorted by l:

The intervals are:

4-9, 2-15, 12-19, 6-13, 8-17.

Wait, no, the original intervals are:

4-9, 8-17, 2-15, 12-19, 6-13.

Sorted by l:

2-15 (l=2), 4-9 (l=4), 6-13 (l=6), 8-17 (l=8), 12-19 (l=12).

Now, check for overlapping:

Between 2-15 and 4-9: overlap.

Between 4-9 and 6-13: overlap.

Between 6-13 and 8-17: overlap.

Between 8-17 and 12-19: overlap.

So, overlapping is True.

The code would output 2, and the colors are [1, 2, 2, 2, 2].

But the sample output is 3, 1 1 2 3 1.

Wait, this is a problem.

Wait, the third sample's output is:

3

1 1 2 3 1

But according to the code, the output would be 2 and [1, 2, 2, 2, 2].

But this is not the case.

Wait, what is the third sample?

The third test case input is:

5

4 9

8 17

2 15

12 19

6 13

The output is 3, and the colors are [1, 1, 2, 3, 1].

So, the code's output would be 2, but the correct output is 3.

This indicates that the code is incorrect.

So, what is the issue?

In this case, the code's approach is incorrect.

But why?

Because the code assumes that the minimal number of colors is 2 if there are overlapping intervals, but in this case, the minimal number of colors is 3.

So, the code is incorrect.

This indicates that the previous approach is wrong.

So, what is the correct way to determine the minimal number of colors?

This suggests that the previous approach is incorrect, and the minimal number of colors is not always 2.

So, the previous approach is wrong.

This is a critical issue.

So, the code must be adjusted.

But how?

In this third test case, the intervals are:

[4-9], [8-17], [2-15], [12-19], [6-13].

Sorted by l: [2-15], [4-9], [6-13], [8-17], [12-19].

Now, the overlapping intervals are:

[2-15] and [4-9] overlap.

[4-9] and [6-13] overlap.

[6-13] and [8-17] overlap.

[8-17] and [12-19] overlap.

So, there are overlapping intervals.

But the minimal number of colors is 3, according to the sample.

So, the code's approach of assigning 2 colors is incorrect.

So, what is the correct way to determine the minimal number of colors?

This suggests that the previous approach is incorrect.

So, what is the correct way to determine the minimal number of colors?

The correct answer for this test case is 3, but according to the previous approach, it would be 2.

So, the previous approach is incorrect.

This indicates that the minimal number of colors is not always 2.

So, the previous approach is wrong.

This means that the problem is more complex than previously thought.

At this point, I realize that I need to find a correct way to determine the minimal number of colors.

The correct way is to determine the maximum number of intervals that overlap at any point, and the minimal number of colors is this maximum.

But in the third test case, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 4 (e.g., [2-15], [4-9], [6-13], [8-17], [12-19] - but how many overlap at any point?

Let's see:

For t=6, the intervals [4-9] (4-9), [6-13] (6-13), [8-17] (8-17), [12-19] (12-19) are all overlapping with t=6.

Wait, no. For t=6, the intervals [4-9] includes 6, [6-13] includes 6, [8-17] includes 6, [12-19] includes 6? No, 12 is greater than 6. So, [8-17] includes 6? No, 8 is the start. So, for t=6, the intervals [4-9] includes 6, [6-13] includes 6, [8-17] starts at 8, so 6 is not included. So, at t=6, the intervals [4-9], [6-13] are overlapping, and [8-17] is not.

So, at t=6, there are two overlapping intervals.

But at t=8, the intervals [4-9] (ends at 9), [6-13] (starts at 6), [8-17] (starts at 8), [12-19] (starts at 12). So, at t=8, the intervals [4-9], [6-13], [8-17] are overlapping.

So, three intervals overlap at t=8.

So, the maximum number of overlapping intervals is 3.

So, the minimal number of colors is 3.

So, the previous approach of assigning 2 colors is incorrect.

Thus, the correct approach is to determine the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point, and the minimal number of colors is this maximum.

But how to determine this.

So, the correct approach is to find the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point, and the minimal number of colors is this maximum.

But how to compute this.

This is the same as the problem of finding the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point, which can be done with a sweep line algorithm.

Once this maximum is found, the minimal number of colors is this maximum.

But how to assign the colors.

Once the maximum is determined, the colors can be assigned in a way that for each overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

But how to assign the colors.

For example, if the maximum is 3, then the minimal number of colors is 3.

So, the code should:

For each test case:

1. Find the maximum number of overlapping intervals at any point.

2. Output this maximum as the number of colors.

3. Assign colors such that for each overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

But how to assign the colors.

This is the same as the problem of finding the maximum number of overlapping intervals, and then assigning colors in a way that for each overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

But how to do this.

This is a complex problem, but for the purpose of this problem, the code must be written.

So, the code should:

For each test case:

- Find the maximum number of overlapping intervals.

- Output this number as the number of colors.

- Assign colors in a way that for each overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

But how to assign the colors.

One possible way is to assign each interval a color based on its position in the sorted list, but this is not clear.

But given the time, I think the correct approach is to find the maximum number of overlapping intervals, and then assign colors in a way that for each overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

But how to implement this.

For example, if the maximum number of overlapping intervals is k, then the minimal number of colors is k.

To assign the colors, we can assign each interval a unique color if it is part of the maximum overlapping set.

But this is not clear.

Given the time, I think the correct way to proceed is to implement the code that finds the maximum number of overlapping intervals, and assigns colors in a way that for each overlapping set, at least one color is unique.

But how to implement this.

But given the time, I'll proceed with the code that finds the maximum number of overlapping intervals and assigns colors as follows:

For each interval, assign a color based on the number of intervals that