<think>
Okay, let's try to figure out this problem. So, the problem is about David and teachers moving on a line. The goal is to find out the minimum number of moves required for the teachers to catch David, given that both are acting optimally. And there are multiple test cases, each with different positions for David and teachers.

First, let's understand the problem step by step. 

The setup is that there are m teachers and David in distinct cells. Each move, David moves to an adjacent cell or stays, and each teacher moves to an adjacent cell or stays. The teachers want to minimize the time to catch David, and David wants to maximize the time. So, the problem is to find the maximum possible time that the teachers can take to catch David, given that they act optimally.

But since the problem says that we need to find the number of moves it will take for the teachers to catch David, considering that both act optimally. Wait, no. Wait, the problem says that the teachers act optimally to minimize the time, and David acts optimally to maximize the time. So, the question is, for each query, what is the maximum number of moves that David can avoid being caught, given that the teachers are trying to catch him as quickly as possible.

Wait, the problem says that the teachers are acting optimally to minimize the time to catch David, and David is acting optimally to maximize the time. So, the answer for each query is the minimal time that the teachers can catch David, given that David is trying to avoid being caught as long as possible.

Wait, but the problem says that the teachers are acting optimally to minimize the time, and David is acting optimally to maximize the time. So the actual answer is the minimal time that the teachers can catch David, given that David is trying to maximize the time. So, the problem is to find the maximum possible time that David can avoid being caught, considering that the teachers are trying to catch him as quickly as possible.

But how do we model this?

Let me think about the movement. Let's think about the positions of the teachers and David. Let's assume that David is at position a, and the teachers are at positions b_1, b_2, ..., b_m. The initial positions are all distinct.

Each move, David moves to adjacent cell (or stays), and each teacher moves to adjacent cell (or stays). The teachers can move optimally to minimize the time to catch David, and David can move optimally to maximize the time.

So, for each move, the teachers can choose their movement to minimize the time, and David can choose his movement to maximize the time.

But how do we model this?

Let me think about the optimal strategies for both players. 

For David, he wants to maximize the time until he is caught. So, he will try to move in a way that the teachers can't catch him. But since the teachers are moving optimally, they will try to catch him as quickly as possible.

But since the teachers are moving optimally, perhaps the problem can be modeled as a game where the teachers are trying to reach David's position as quickly as possible, and David is trying to avoid that.

But since the teachers are moving optimally, perhaps the problem can be reduced to finding the earliest time when the teachers can reach David's position, given that David is trying to move away as much as possible.

But how to model this?

Let me think about the possible scenarios. Let's think of the teachers as moving towards David, but David is moving away. However, since both are moving, the problem becomes a pursuit-evasion problem.

But given that m=2 and the teachers are moving optimally, perhaps there's a pattern here.

Let me think about the case when m=2. Let's consider that the teachers can move towards David, but David is trying to move away. But since there are two teachers, perhaps they can cover the distance in some way.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be modeled by considering the distance between David and the teachers. Let's think about the minimal time for the teachers to catch David.

But since David is moving optimally to maximize the time, and the teachers are moving optimally to minimize the time, perhaps the answer depends on the initial positions and the number of teachers.

Let me think about the example given.

In the first example:

n=10, m=2, David is at position 2. The teachers are at 1 and 4.

The output is 1. Because David can stay in position 2, and the teacher at 1 can move to 2 in one move. So, after one move, the teacher is at 2, and David is there. So the answer is 1.

In the second example:

n=8, m=2, David is at 1. Teachers are at 3 and 6. The output is 2. Because David can stay at 1. The teacher at 3 can reach 1 in 2 moves: first move to 2, then to 1. So after two moves, the teacher is at 1. So the answer is 2.

So, the problem seems to be that the teachers can reach David's position in a certain number of steps, and David is trying to avoid that. But how to model this for general cases.

Let me think about the general case. Let's consider that the teachers are trying to catch David. The key is to find the minimal time t such that, after t moves, there's at least one teacher in David's position.

But since David is trying to avoid that, he will move in such a way that the teachers can't reach him in t steps. But since the teachers are moving optimally, they will try to reach him as quickly as possible.

But how to model this?

Let me think about the optimal strategies. Let's think of the problem as a game where each move, the teachers can move towards David, and David can move away. But the teachers can choose their movement to minimize the time, and David can choose his movement to maximize the time.

But perhaps the problem can be reduced to a certain formula based on the initial positions and the number of teachers.

Let me think about the minimal time for the teachers to catch David. Let's suppose that David is at position a, and the teachers are at positions b_1, ..., b_m. Let's assume that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away. But since there are m teachers, perhaps the minimal time is determined by the maximum distance between David and the teachers, but considering the movement.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be modeled as follows:

Each teacher can cover a certain distance in a certain number of steps. For example, if a teacher is at position x and David is at position y, then the minimal number of steps for the teacher to reach David is |x - y| if they move towards each other. But since David is moving, perhaps the minimal steps depends on their positions and the movement of David.

But since David is moving optimally to avoid being caught, he will try to move away from the teachers. So, the problem becomes finding the maximum time that David can avoid being caught, given that the teachers are trying to catch him as quickly as possible.

But how?

Alternatively, perhaps the answer is determined by the maximum distance between David and the teachers, and the number of teachers.

But for m=2, perhaps the minimal time is determined by the maximum distance between David and the teachers, divided by the number of teachers, or something like that.

Wait, let's think about the case where there are two teachers. Suppose David is at position a, and the teachers are at positions b1 and b2. Let's assume that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away. Let's think about the time it takes for the teachers to reach David.

But since David is moving, the teachers can't just reach him in a fixed number of steps. For example, if David is moving away, the teachers have to cover the distance between their positions and David's position, but David is moving away.

But how to model this.

Let me think of the problem as a pursuit-evasion problem. The teachers are trying to catch David, and David is trying to avoid being caught. The teachers can move optimally, and David can move optimally.

In such a case, the minimal time for the teachers to catch David is determined by the initial positions and the number of teachers.

But for m=2, perhaps there's a pattern.

Let me think about the case where David is at position a, and the teachers are at positions b and c. Let's assume that the teachers can move towards David, but David is trying to move away. Let's think of the time when the teachers can reach David.

But since David is moving, the time for a teacher to reach David depends on their initial positions and the movement of David.

Let me think of the problem as follows: For each step, the teachers can move towards David, but David can move in the opposite direction. The teachers can choose their movement to minimize the time, and David can choose his movement to maximize the time.

But how to model this.

Let me think about the optimal strategy for the teachers. Since they can move towards David, and David is moving away, the teachers can reduce the distance between them and David. But since David is moving, the teachers can't just reach him in a fixed time.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be considered as follows: The teachers can reach David in t steps if the distance between David and the teachers is such that, in t steps, the teachers can cover the distance between them and David, considering that David is moving away.

But how?

Let me think of the initial positions. Let's say that the teachers are at positions b and c, and David is at position a. Let's suppose that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away. The distance between David and the teachers is initially d = max(|a - b|, |a - c|). But since the teachers can move towards David, and David can move away, the minimal time for the teachers to catch David would be determined by the time it takes for the teachers to cover the distance between them and David.

But this is getting complicated. Let me think of the problem in terms of the maximum time that David can avoid being caught.

Alternatively, perhaps the answer is determined by the maximum distance between David and the closest teacher, and the number of teachers.

Wait, but for m=2, maybe the minimal time is determined by the maximum distance between David and the teachers, divided by the number of teachers. But I need to think of examples.

Take the first example: David is at position 2, teachers at 1 and 4. The distance from David to the closest teacher is 1 (distance 1). The teachers can reach David in 1 step. So the answer is 1.

In the second example: David is at 1, teachers at 3 and 6. The distance from David to the closest teacher is 2 (distance 2). The teachers can reach David in 2 steps. So the answer is 2.

Wait, but in that case, the answer is the maximum distance between David and the teachers divided by the number of teachers? Or maybe the maximum distance between David and the teachers, but divided by the number of teachers, rounded up?

Wait, in the first example, the maximum distance is 3 (from David at 2 to teacher at 4: 2 steps). But the answer is 1. So that's not matching.

Alternatively, maybe the answer is the minimal number of steps required for the teachers to reach David, given that David is moving away.

But how?

Let me think of the case where David is at position a, and the teachers are at positions b and c. Let's assume that the teachers are moving towards David. The minimal time for the teachers to catch David is the minimal t such that after t steps, there exists a teacher who can reach David's position.

But David is moving away. So, for each step, the teachers can move towards David, but David is moving away. So, the distance between the teacher and David decreases by 1 per step (if they move towards David) and David moves away by 1 per step. Wait, no. Because David can move in any direction, but he's trying to maximize the time.

Wait, the problem says that David can choose his movement to maximize the time. So, he will try to move in a way that the teachers can't catch him. So, he will move in a direction that is as far as possible from the teachers.

But how to model this.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be considered as follows: the teachers can move towards David, but David is trying to move away. The minimal time for the teachers to catch David is determined by the initial positions and the number of teachers.

But for m=2, perhaps the answer is determined by the maximum distance between David and the teachers, and the number of teachers.

Wait, let's think of the case where David is at position a, and the teachers are at positions b and c. The distance between David and the closest teacher is d. Then, the minimal time for the teachers to catch David is d steps. But since David is moving away, maybe the time is different.

Wait, but in the first example, the distance between David and the closest teacher is 1. The answer is 1. So that's correct.

In the second example, the distance between David (1) and the closest teacher (3) is 2. The answer is 2. So that's correct.

Another example: suppose David is at position 3, and the teachers are at positions 1 and 4. The distance to the closest teacher is 2. So the answer would be 2 steps. Let's see:

In step 1, David can move to 2 or 3 (but he wants to avoid being caught). Let's say he moves to 2. Then, the teacher at 1 can move to 2 in one step. So after one step, the teacher is at 2. So David is at 2. So the answer is 1. Wait, but that's conflicting with the previous idea.

Wait, maybe my previous reasoning is incorrect. Let me think again.

In this example, David is at 3, and the teachers are at 1 and 4. So the distance from David to the teachers is 2 (to 1 and 4). But the answer would be 1 step?

Wait, let's simulate.

At step 0: David is at 3, teachers at 1 and 4.

Step 1: David can move to 2 or 3. Suppose he moves to 2. Then, the teachers can move towards David.

Teacher at 1 can move to 2 (so after step 1, teacher is at 2, David is at 2. So the answer is 1.

But according to the previous idea, the answer would be 2 steps. So why?

Because the initial distance between David and the closest teacher is 2, but the answer is 1. So that suggests that the previous idea is incorrect.

Hmm, so what's the correct way to model this?

This suggests that the answer depends on the positions of the teachers and David, but how?

Let me think again. The teachers can move optimally to catch David. So, in the case where David is at 3 and teachers are at 1 and 4.

In the first step, David can move to 2. Then, the teacher at 1 can move to 2. So after one step, they are in the same cell. So the answer is 1.

But why is that possible? Because the teachers can move towards David. So, the minimal time is the minimal number of steps required for the teachers to reach David's position, considering that David is moving away.

But how to calculate that.

Let me think of the problem as follows: the teachers can move in such a way that they can reach David's position in t steps. But David is trying to move away. So, the minimal t is the minimal steps such that the teachers can reach David's position in t steps, considering that David is moving away.

But how to model that.

Let me think of the problem as a game where each step, the teachers can move towards David, but David can move away. The minimal time for the teachers to catch David is the minimal t such that, after t steps, the distance between the teachers and David is zero.

But how to compute that.

Let me think of the initial positions of the teachers and David. Let's assume that the teachers are at positions b1 and b2, and David is at a.

Let me consider the positions of the teachers and David. Let's assume that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away. The distance between David and the teachers is d. But since David is moving away, the distance between David and the teachers increases over time.

Wait, no. Because the teachers can move towards David. So, for example, if a teacher is at position x and David is at position y, then in one step, the teacher can move to x-1 or x, and David can move to y-1 or y. But if the teacher moves towards David, then the distance between them decreases by 1. But if David moves away, then the distance between them increases by 1.

But since the teachers can choose their movement, they can try to minimize the time. So, the problem becomes a pursuit-evasion problem where the teachers can move towards David, and David is moving away as much as possible.

But how to model this for general cases.

Alternatively, perhaps the minimal time is determined by the maximum distance between David and the closest teacher, but divided by the number of teachers. But in the previous example where David is at 3, teachers at 1 and 4, the maximum distance is 2 (from David to 1 or 4). Divided by 2 gives 1, which matches the answer.

Another example: in the first example, the maximum distance is 3 (from David at 2 to teacher at 4, which is 2 steps, but the answer is 1. Wait, no. Wait, the maximum distance between David and the teachers is 2 (from David to 1 and 4). So the answer is 1, which is the maximum distance divided by 2 (2/2=1).

In the second example, the maximum distance is 2 (David at 1, teacher at 3: 2 steps). Divided by 2 gives 1. But the answer is 2. So that contradicts.

Hmm, that's confusing. So perhaps that approach is wrong.

Let me think again.

In the second example: David is at 1, teachers at 3 and 6. The maximum distance between David and the teachers is 5 (distance from 1 to 6 is 5). But the answer is 2. So that approach is not working.

So, what's the correct way to model this?

Let me think of the problem as a game where the teachers can move towards David, and David is moving away. The minimal time for the teachers to catch David is determined by the minimal t where the distance between the teachers and David is zero after t steps.

But how to compute that.

Let me think of the positions of the teachers and David. Let's assume that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away. Let's consider the initial positions.

Let's assume that the teachers are at positions b1 and b2, and David is at a.

Let's consider that the teachers can move towards David. For example, in each step, each teacher can move towards David's current position. But David is moving away.

But how to model this.

Let me think of the problem in terms of the distance between David and the teachers. Let's say that after t steps, the distance between David and each teacher is d_t.

But since David is moving away, and the teachers are moving towards him, the distance between them decreases by 1 per step if the teachers move towards David and David moves away. Wait, no. Let's think:

Suppose the distance between David and a teacher is D. In one step, the teacher can move towards David (so D decreases by 1), and David can move away (so D increases by 1). So the net change is D - 1 + 1 = D. So the distance remains the same?

Wait, that can't be right. Let me think again.

If the teacher is at position x, and David is at position y, and the distance between them is D = |x - y|.

In one step, the teacher can move towards David. So if the teacher moves towards David, the distance between them decreases by 1. But David can move away. So if David moves away, the distance between them increases by 1.

So the net change in the distance is (decrease by 1) - (increase by 1) = 0. So the distance remains the same.

Wait, that's interesting. So the distance between the teacher and David remains the same. So, if the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away, then the distance between them remains the same. So, the teachers can't catch David in any step, because the distance remains the same.

But that's not possible. Because in the first example, the teacher is at 1, David at 2. After one step, the teacher moves to 2, and David is at 2. So the distance is zero. But according to the previous reasoning, the distance should remain the same. So what's wrong here?

Ah, because the teacher can move towards David, and David can move towards the teacher. But in the first example, David is moving to stay at 2. So the distance between the teacher and David is zero after one step.

Wait, but according to the previous reasoning, the distance between them is D = |x - y|. Initially, x is 1, y is 2. D is 1. After the teacher moves to 2 (so x is 2), and David is at 2 (so y is 2). The distance is 0. So the net change is 1 (from D=1 to 0). But according to the previous reasoning, the net change should be zero. What's wrong here?

Ah, because in this case, the teacher moves towards David, and David also moves towards the teacher. So the distance between them decreases by 1 (from 1 to 0). So the net change is -1. So the previous reasoning was incorrect. 

So the net change depends on the movement of David and the teacher. If the teacher moves towards David, and David moves towards the teacher, then the distance decreases by 2 (since each moves towards the other). But if David moves away, then the distance increases by 1.

So, in this case, the teachers can choose to move towards David, and David can choose to move in a direction that maximizes the time.

So, the problem is to find the maximum time that David can avoid being caught, given that the teachers are trying to catch him as quickly as possible.

But how to model this.

Let me think of the problem as a game where the teachers and David are moving in such a way that the teachers can reach David in t steps, and David is trying to avoid that.

But since the teachers are moving optimally to catch David, and David is moving optimally to avoid that, the answer is the minimal t where the teachers can reach David's position, given that David is moving away.

But how to find this t.

Let me think of the problem as follows: For each teacher, the minimal number of steps required to reach David's position, considering that David is moving away. But since there are multiple teachers, the minimal t is the minimal steps required for any of the teachers to reach David.

But David is moving away, so for a teacher to reach David, the minimal steps would be the initial distance between the teacher and David, minus the distance that David moves away.

Wait, this is getting complicated. Let me think of the problem in terms of the distance between David and the teachers.

Let me consider that in each step, David can move in any direction, but he wants to maximize the time. So, he will choose to move away from the teachers. But since there are multiple teachers, perhaps the optimal strategy for David is to move in a direction that is as far as possible from all the teachers.

But for the teachers, they can move towards David.

So, for the teachers to catch David, they need to reach his position in t steps. But David is moving away, so the minimal t is the minimal steps where the distance between the teacher and David is such that after t steps, the teacher can reach David's position.

But how to calculate this.

Let me think of the case where there are two teachers. Let's assume that David is at position a, and the two teachers are at positions b and c. Let's assume that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away.

Let me think of the initial positions. Let's assume that the teachers are at positions b and c, and David is at a. Let's assume that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away.

Let me consider the scenario where the teachers are at positions b and c. The minimal time for the teachers to catch David is the minimal t such that after t steps, the distance between David and the teachers is zero.

But since David is moving away, the distance between the teacher and David may decrease or increase depending on their movements.

But how to model this.

Alternatively, perhaps the answer is determined by the maximum distance between David and the closest teacher, and the number of teachers. For example, if there are m teachers, then the answer is (max_distance) / (m) ?

But in the first example, the max distance is 1 (from David at 2 to teacher at 1), and m=2. 1/2 is 0.5, but the answer is 1. So that's not matching.

Another approach: think about the minimal time t such that the distance between David and the closest teacher is less than or equal to t. But since David is moving away, the minimal t is the minimal steps required for the teachers to reach David's position.

But how to find that.

Let me think of the problem in terms of the following:

Each teacher can move towards David. The minimal steps for a teacher to reach David's position is the initial distance between the teacher and David, but David is moving away. So, the teacher can reach David in (initial distance) steps, but David is moving away. So, the teacher can reach David in (initial distance) steps if David doesn't move away. But if David moves away, then the teacher needs to cover the distance plus the steps David moves away.

But this is getting too vague.

Let me think of the case where David is at position a, and the teachers are at positions b and c. Let's assume that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away. Let's suppose that the teachers can reach David in t steps. What is t?

In each step, the teacher can move towards David, and David can move away. So, the distance between the teacher and David decreases by 1 step if the teacher moves towards David and David moves away. Wait, no. If the teacher moves towards David, and David moves away, then the distance between them decreases by 1 (teacher moves closer) and increases by 1 (David moves away). So the net change is 0.

But in the first example, the teacher moves from 1 to 2, and David is at 2. So the distance is 0. So the net change is -1 (from 1 to 0). How is that possible?

Ah, because David is not moving away in this case. He is staying at the same position. So, the teacher moves towards David, and David doesn't move. So the distance decreases by 1.

So, the net change is -1. So, the distance decreases by 1. So, the teacher can reach David in t steps, where t is the initial distance between them.

So, the minimal time for the teachers to catch David is the initial distance between David and the closest teacher. But since David can move away, this might not be the case.

But how to model this.

Let me think of the problem as follows: the teachers can move towards David, and David can move in any direction. The teachers want to catch David as quickly as possible, and David wants to avoid that. So, the minimal time is the minimal t such that after t steps, the teachers can reach David's position, considering that David is moving away.

But how to find this t.

Let me think of the scenario where David is at position a, and the teachers are at positions b and c. Let's assume that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away. The distance between David and the teachers is initially d. 

In each step, the teachers can move towards David, and David can move away. The distance between the teachers and David decreases by 1 step (if David is not moving away) or increases by 1 step (if David is moving away). 

But this seems complex. Let's think of it in terms of the minimal t where the teachers can reach David's position.

Let me think of the case where David is at position a, and the teachers are at positions b and c. Let's assume that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away. The minimal t is the minimal number of steps such that after t steps, the distance between the teacher and David is zero.

But how to find this.

Let me think of the following: For each teacher, the minimal steps required to reach David's position is the initial distance between the teacher and David. But since David is moving away, the teacher can't reach David in that number of steps. So, the teacher has to move towards David, but David is moving away, so the distance between them remains the same. 

Wait, but in the first example, the teacher is at 1, David at 2. The initial distance is 1. After one step, the teacher moves to 2, and David is at 2. So the distance is 0. So the teacher reaches David in 1 step.

So, in this case, the initial distance is 1, and the teacher reaches David in 1 step.

So, perhaps the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and the teachers, but in this case, it's the initial distance. But why?

Because in this case, the teacher can move towards David, and David can stay in place. So the distance decreases by 1.

So, the minimal t is the initial distance between the teacher and David. But how does this apply to cases where David is moving away?

Let me think of a case where David is at position 3, and the teachers are at 1 and 4. The initial distance to the teachers is 2 (for teacher at 1) and 1 (for teacher at 4). So the minimal initial distance is 1. So the answer would be 1. But earlier simulation suggested that in one step, the teacher at 4 can reach David at 3 in one step.

Wait, the teacher at 4 is initially at 4. David is at 3. So the distance is 1. In one step, the teacher can move to 3 (David's position). So the answer is 1.

But what if David is at position 3, and the teachers are at 1 and 4. So, David is at 3, teachers at 1 and 4. The answer is 1. So, the minimal t is the minimal initial distance between the teacher and David.

But what about when David is at position 1, and the teachers are at 3 and 6. The initial distance to the closest teacher is 2. So the answer is 2. Which matches the example.

So, this suggests that the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and the closest teacher. But wait, in the first example, the initial distance is 1 (from David at 2 to teacher at 1), and the answer is 1. Which matches.

In the second example, the initial distance is 2 (from David at 1 to teacher at 3), and the answer is 2. Which matches.

But what about the case where David is at position 3, and the teachers are at 1 and 4. The minimal initial distance is 2 (from David to teacher at 1, which is 2 steps). But in this case, the answer is 1. So this contradicts the previous conclusion.

Wait, no. Because in this case, the teacher at 1 is at distance 2 from David. But David is at 3, teacher at 1. The initial distance is 2. So the answer should be 2 steps. But earlier simulation showed that the teacher at 4 can reach David in 1 step. So why is that?

Ah, because the teacher at 4 is at distance 1 from David. So the answer is 1. So the minimal initial distance is 1, which is the distance from David to the closest teacher. So the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and the teachers.

But why in the case where the teacher is at 1, the initial distance is 2, but the teacher at 4 is at distance 1. So the minimal initial distance is 1, and the answer is 1.

So, the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and the closest teacher. But why does this work?

Because the teacher can move towards David in one step, and David can stay in place. So the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and the closest teacher.

But this seems to contradict the earlier case where the teacher is at 1 and David is at 3. The initial distance is 2. So the answer would be 2. But in that case, the teacher would need to move 2 steps to reach David. But wait, in one step, the teacher can move to 2, and David can move to 2 or 3. If David moves to 2, then the teacher is at 2, and David is at 2. So the answer is 1.

Wait, this is confusing. Let me simulate this case:

David is at 3, teachers are at 1 and 4. So the initial positions are David at 3, teacher at 1 and 4.

In step 1:

David can choose to move to 2 or 3. Let's say he moves to 2. Then, the teacher at 1 can move to 2. So after one step, both are at 2. So the answer is 1.

But the initial distance between David and the closest teacher is 1 (distance from 3 to 4 is 1). So the answer is 1, which is the minimal initial distance. So this case supports the idea that the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and the closest teacher.

So, this suggests that the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and the closest teacher. But why?

Because the teachers can move towards David, and David can move in such a way that he is not caught. But in this case, the teachers can reach David in the minimal initial distance steps.

So, for example, if David is at position a, and the closest teacher is at position b, then the minimal steps for the teacher to reach David is |a - b|, because the teacher can move towards David in that number of steps. And David can choose to move in a way that he doesn't interfere.

Wait, but in the case where the teacher is at position 1 and David is at 3, the initial distance is 2. But the teacher can reach David in 1 step, because the teacher can move to 2, and David can move to 2. So the answer is 1.

So why is the initial distance 2, but the answer is 1? Because the teacher can reach David in fewer steps if David moves in the same direction as the teacher.

So, this suggests that the answer is not the minimal initial distance, but something else.

This is getting very confusing. Let me think of the problem in a different way.

Let me think of the problem as follows: the teachers can move towards David, and David can move in any direction. The teachers want to catch David as quickly as possible, and David wants to avoid that.

The key is to find the minimal time t such that, after t steps, there exists at least one teacher who is in the same cell as David.

But since the teachers are moving optimally to catch David, and David is moving optimally to avoid that, the answer is the minimal t such that the teachers can catch David in t steps, given that David is moving to maximize the time.

But how to model this.

Let me think of the problem as a game where the teachers can move optimally to minimize the time, and David moves optimally to maximize the time. The answer is the time when the teachers can catch David, given these strategies.

But since the teachers and David are moving optimally, the problem can be modeled as a game of pursuit.

In such a scenario, the minimal time for the teachers to catch David is determined by the initial positions and the number of teachers.

For m=2, the teachers can move towards each other, and David can move away. But how?

Another approach: for each query, the answer is the minimal number of steps t such that the teachers can catch David in t steps, considering that David is moving away.

But how to calculate this.

Let me think of the following: the teachers can move towards David, and David can move away. The minimal time for the teachers to catch David is the minimal t such that the distance between the teachers and David is zero after t steps.

But how to calculate this.

Let me consider the positions of the teachers and David. Let's say that the teachers are at positions b1 and b2, and David is at a.

Let me assume that the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away. The distance between the teachers and David is initially d1 = |a - b1|, d2 = |a - b2|.

The teachers can move towards David, and David can move away. The distance between the teachers and David decreases by 1 per step if the teachers move towards David and David moves away. Or, if David moves towards the teachers, the distance decreases by 2 per step.

But since David is trying to maximize the time, he will move away from the teachers. So, the distance between the teachers and David will decrease by 1 per step, because the teacher moves towards David, and David moves away. So, the distance remains the same.

Wait, no. If the teacher moves towards David, and David moves away, the distance between them decreases by 1 (teacher moves closer) and increases by 1 (David moves away), so net change is 0. So the distance remains the same.

But in the first example, the distance between the teacher and David is 1, and after one step, the distance is 0. So this contradicts the previous reasoning.

Ah, because in this case, David is not moving away. He is staying at the same position. So the teacher moves towards David, and David is not moving. So the distance decreases by 1.

So, the net change is -1. So, the distance between the teachers and David decreases by 1 per step, if David is not moving away.

But if David is moving away, then the distance between the teacher and David decreases by 1 (teacher moves closer) and increases by 1 (David moves away), so the net change is 0.

So, the key is whether David moves away or not. But since David is trying to maximize the time, he will choose to move away from the teachers. So, in the case where the teachers are moving towards David, and David is moving away, the distance between the teachers and David remains the same.

But in the first example, the teacher moves towards David, and David is not moving. So the distance decreases by 1.

So, the teachers can catch David in t steps, where t is the initial distance between the teacher and David, if David is not moving away.

But if David is moving away, then the distance remains the same, so the teachers can't catch David.

So, the answer depends on whether David can move in a way that allows the teachers to catch him.

But how?

This seems to suggest that the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and the teachers, but only if David is not moving away. But since David is trying to maximize the time, he will choose to move in a way that the teachers can't catch him. So, the teachers can catch David in t steps if the initial distance is t, but David can move away to make it harder.

But this is very confusing.

Let me think of the problem in terms of the following: the teachers can catch David in t steps if the initial distance between David and the teachers is t, and David is not moving away. But since David is trying to avoid being caught, he will move in a way that the teachers can't catch him. So, the minimal t is the initial distance between David and the closest teacher, but David can move away to make it harder.

But this seems to suggest that the answer is the initial distance between David and the closest teacher.

But in the case where the teachers are at 1 and 4, and David is at 3, the initial distance to the closest teacher is 2 (from 3 to 1 or 4). But the answer is 1, because the teacher at 4 can move to 3 in one step. So why is that?

Because the teacher at 4 is at distance 1 from David. So the initial distance is 1, which is the minimal. So the answer is 1.

Ah, so the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and the closest teacher. Because the teacher can move towards David in that number of steps.

So, the answer for each query is the minimal initial distance between David's position and any of the teachers.

But how does this fit with the second example?

In the second example, the teachers are at 3 and 6, and David is at 1. The minimal initial distance is 2 (from 1 to 3). So the answer is 2. Which matches the example.

So, the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and any of the teachers.

But why in the case where the teacher is at 4 and David is at 3, the minimal initial distance is 1, and the answer is 1.

So, this seems to be the case.

So, the solution is to compute for each query, the minimum distance between David's position and any of the teachers, and that is the answer.

But wait, the first example: David is at 2, teachers are at 1 and 4. The minimum distance is 1 (from 2 to 1). So the answer is 1. Which matches.

The second example: David is at 1, teachers are at 3 and 6. Minimum distance is 2. Answer is 2. Which matches.

The third example in the input is:

8 2 1

3 6

8

So, David is at 8, teachers at 3 and 6. The minimum distance is 5 (from 8 to 3 is 5, 8 to 6 is 2. So minimum is 2. So the answer is 2, which matches the sample output.

Yes, the third example's output is 2.

So, this seems to be the correct approach.

So, the problem reduces to, for each query, find the minimum distance between David's position and any of the teachers' positions.

But why? Because the teachers can move towards David in that number of steps, and David can't move away to make it harder. Wait, but why can't David move away? Because if he moves away, the teachers can still catch him in the same number of steps.

But according to the previous reasoning, the answer is the minimal initial distance between David and any teacher.

So, the solution is to compute for each query the minimal distance between David's position and any of the teachers' positions.

But why is this the case? Because the teachers can move towards David in that number of steps, and David is not able to move away to make it harder.

But how does this fit with the example where David is at 3, and teachers are at 1 and 4. The minimal distance is 2 (from 3 to 1), but the answer is 1, because the teacher at 4 can reach David in 1 step.

Ah, because the minimal distance is the distance to the closest teacher, which is 1 (from 3 to 4). So the answer is 1.

So, the solution is to compute the minimal distance between David's position and any of the teachers' positions.

So, the code would be:

For each test case:

- Read n, m, q.

- Read the list of teacher positions.

- Read the list of queries (a_i).

- For each query a_i, compute the minimum distance between a_i and any of the teacher positions.

- Output that minimum distance.

But wait, why is this the case? Because the teachers can move towards David in that number of steps, and David is not able to move away. So, the minimal distance is the answer.

But how does this fit with the example where David is at 3, and teachers are at 1 and 4. The minimal distance is 2 (from 3 to 1), but the teacher at 4 is at distance 1. So the answer is 1.

Yes, so the code is to compute the minimum distance between a_i and any of the teachers.

So, the code would be straightforward.

Now, let's think about the constraints.

The constraints are:

t can be up to 1e5.

For each test case, n can be up to 1e9, but the number of queries is 1.

The teachers' positions are given as m distinct integers.

So, for each query, we need to compute the minimum distance between a_i and any of the teachers' positions.

This can be done by iterating through all the teachers' positions and computing the minimum distance.

But for large m (up to 1e9?), no, wait, m is 2 in this problem. So m is 2.

So, for each test case, m is 2.

So, for each query, we need to compute the minimum distance between a_i and the two teachers' positions.

So, the code would be:

Read t test cases.

For each test case:

Read n, m, q.

Read the list of teachers' positions (b1, b2).

Read the list of queries (a1, a2, ...).

For each a in the queries:

Compute min( abs(a - b1), abs(a - b2) )

Output that.

But wait, the sample input has:

In the first example:

n=10, m=2, q=1.

teachers are 1 and 4.

query is 2.

min(2-1=1, 2-4=2) → 1 → output 1.

Yes.

In the second example:

n=8, m=2, q=1.

teachers are 3 and 6.

query is 1.

min(1-3=2, 1-6=5) → 2 → output 2.

Third example:

n=8, m=2, q=1.

teachers are 3 and 6.

query is 8.

min(8-3=5, 8-6=2) → 2 → output 2.

Which matches the sample output.

So, this seems to be correct.

So, the code is straightforward.

Now, the code in Python:

Read t.

For each test case:

Read n, m, q.

Read the list of teachers (m integers).

Read the list of queries (q integers).

For each query, compute min of the absolute differences between the query and each teacher.

But for m=2, it's just two values.

So, the code would be:

Read t.

For _ in range(t):

    n, m, q = map(int, input().split())

    teachers = list(map(int, input().split()))

    queries = list(map(int, input().split()))

    for a in queries:

        min_dist = min( abs(a - t1), abs(a - t2) )

        print(min_dist)

But wait, in the first test case, the teachers are 1 and 4. For a=2, min is 1.

Yes.

So, this code would work.

But why does this work? Because the teachers can move towards David in that number of steps, and David is moving in a way that allows the teachers to catch him.

But why is this the case? Because the teachers can move towards David, and David is moving in a way that he is not able to avoid the teachers.

But according to the problem statement, the teachers are acting optimally to minimize the time, and David is acting optimally to maximize the time. So, the answer is the minimal distance between David and the teachers.

But why is this the case?

Because the teachers can reach David in that number of steps, and David can't move away to make it harder. Because if David moves away, the teachers can still reach him in the same number of steps.

So, the minimal distance is the answer.

Thus, the code is correct.

Now, let's test the sample input:

Sample Input:

3

10 2 1

1 4

2

8 2 1

3 6

1

8 2 1

3 6

8

Sample Output:

1

2

2

Which matches the code.

So, the code is correct.

Now, the code in Python:

But note that the teachers' positions are given as m integers, and for each query, we need to compute the minimum of the two distances.

So, the code is as follows.
</think>

```python
import sys

def main():
    input = sys.stdin.read
    data = input().split()
    idx = 0
    t = int(data[idx])
    idx += 1
    results = []
    for _ in range(t):
        n = int(data[idx])
        m = int(data[idx+1])
        q = int(data[idx+2])
        idx +=3
        teachers = list(map(int, data[idx:idx+m]))
        idx += m
        queries = list(map(int, data[idx:idx+q]))
        idx += q
        for a in queries:
            min_dist = min(abs(a - teachers[0]), abs(a - teachers[1]))
            results.append(str(min_dist))
    print('\n'.join(results))

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```